and that worked . applause for scott .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , you 're going to get your game .
thank you very much .
now we have " three-performing " -- and the people are always going back to the back of the day , for a bicycle steel , for the fuel , little good , rather than giving them the things back to the victims .
we have a cognitive mistake so that we can take a perfect disease process for a patient with a chest pain .
so roman speakers realized their language -- not word , the word , the word , the only thing they do , but the subject matter .
and what we found was that there was actually a relationship .
and my little launch propagation is that we 're going to force ourselves to the environment by --
and there 's a generation that has grown up with the internet , and the knowledge that it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the systems .
it was about a way of finding out what the parents are , the right public schools for their children .
and it 's now hundreds of thousands of people playing the game online .
take a moment to thank you .
so that 's how much you do .
tan lean le , anonymous residents from footocracy , was now tanan , refugees and social activist , who was invited to the talks that she had never heard of , and in contemporary claims that she never had existence , and they could never imagine .
she 's not a birth defecter . you can 't get them .
it 's not our problem .
and if you take a picture with a camera , the process , when you press up on the screen .
in other words , they 've found in this mindless evolutionary way that they allowed them to do what they were to do so that they could be able to be able to be able to do this information and copied .
and the ability to do is to get stealth .
but mr. olbermann invited me not just again , but i went to a full-time worker and i grabbed my chair .
okay , there 's a couple .
this year , it was viewed almost 50 million times .
it 's the average department of the beat .
you can make your views , you can make it every time , and you can do it .
there 's a couple of high-tech developments .
we didn 't have words for what we started there .
we want to encourage the world of creators , the inventor , the encouraging , because this world where we live in , that interactive world , is the world .
this is basically what i 'm going to talk about .
if we don 't invite young people to grow cities , if we don 't give them opportunities , then " withoood " that once increased in the terrorism , the violence and the gangs are going to turn out to the cities of 2.0 .
just .
all of you .
but after a certain time , i had developed a routine .
as the judge looked me .
and it 's exciting because i teach my students african-american story . i 'm talking about slavery .
so i became a comicator .
you can go to the website , and you can download all the design processes and make them yourself .
so the moral of the story is to think a lot less about trust , or to trust , or to trust the ideas that are founded by the fact that they 're founded or inkrect , and they 're much more trustworthy , and how to bring people to adjacent , and simple evidence of trustworthiness .
it 's a hungry feeling that needs to be taken .
you say you never forget the name of the names of the description .
i met people in all the same habitats , so many of you did what you loved , lived on the borders of the possible .
one , how she 's going to run -- in good times , war or peace , recession , depression and wilfership .
i don 't understand why i never gotten punished for that either .
this is the story of napleton iii. in the middle of the 18th century .
a fragile dream is really not compared to what many others have gone through .
i might want to remember something longer about this subculture of the compatient culture .
this is the result of faster computers building computers .
and what we found was that the more funded fund was that the more fund they actually had , the participatory rating was lower .
steve pinker has shown us that we live in a very peaceful time history of human history .
when the sun and the moon is , " it means " brightness . "
for contemporary , apollo wasn 't just a victim of the west over the east during the cold war .
if you dominate a stranger language , it 's also fun to read the favorite books in two languages .
i know from self-interest that princess , unfortunately , don 't have the adjacent role model that i could have used to find out by the world of adults , where girls and boys are in common .
so i turned to books .
but i didn 't read so much about how boys deal with this impact .
i gave her a race . i gave her medical care to take the pressure from the heart .
if you don 't do that , you can take it away .
so these communities started to develop , so that the level of evolution , which was not the single cell , but the whole cells , what we call organism .
and that made these cells -- that made them happy for another billion years .
boston has not just a call center .
and if you 're in vacation and you 're in charge and someone 's going to be your own relativity or anyone else , you can find an ased .
here 's an example of an example of a project that they did , a movement-powered constant cellular one .
it 's so mysterious , so profound .
but later it sounds like , " my 20s are nearly over and i don 't have any point .
" ey , is that the cloak ? "
he 's suffering from memory loss , and probably the worst memory of the world .
she really stuck me so hardly breathing . and then she let me go .
the first story is charles darwin , one of my heroes .
kim peek know .
how do i teach kids a solid work ethic ?
she said , " honor ? " i said , " yeah . "
if you know something about government technology , you know it 's not going to be like that .
and so i can go through an evolution over millions of years in the computer within a few minutes or more complicated cases .
and the next book , we 're going to plan an interaction where you use the video of the ipad , and through augmented reality , aimation of elimation that appears on a plant before the house .
but the king of samiam was getting aluminum ticket .
and again , a letter for me down -- and the ipad knows about gps where i live -- that 's really adapted to me .
the next group with eight grades of scratch is 32 more words .
i 've talked a lot about magic .
why did you go ? zynch saw her because president kennedy wanted to show the soviet , that his nation had better rockets .
both are strong underwentions because we don 't look at the problem as we should .
he came up to me and hugged me .
the best time to plan your marriage is before you have one , and that means to be as well as being in love as your work .
there was no work and no possibility .
all of them were so they started to dress up .
i even wrote to the school principal and the modern radiohovator .
now , to not decide not to buy glass mard , probably good for us -- at least it 's good for our braille -- but it turns out that the decision-making issue is also affecting us very consequence .
i 've tried to say something about our justice system .
we know that the personality changes during the 20s more frequently than any other way in life , and that the fertility of women are reaching 28 their peaks and that after 35 things , they 're going to be complicated .
and the women came with their stories about men who don 't move change , angry and flexible , and troubles and children , and they 're going to be able to get caught up between two worlds .
and who would make most of the money .
i 'm a major characteristically wired by the comedyour " arab wild " around the world .
and in this order of notes , there were noises in germany company , who had sold a couple of egyptian government programms that they could -- in very large-scale communications -- could catch all the egyptian citizens .
that 's what psychologists call an ah-ha-mentoment .
three billion new heads that we never heard before are going to join the global communication .
and that 's nothing yet .
the moonland was done before a long series of technological triumph .
so i thought , if you 're reading in science , why not in every day in your life ?
or bombing .
and that all leads us to a big question --
i think it 's his ability to recognize a new opportunity and use it .
so you actually create a digital collection of photos that you can then put online .
we all have navigation systems in our cars .
and maybe that 's the reality .
if you think about avatar , if you think about why people were touched by the point of the poemont , why were they so touched by the images of the world ?
i gave all fourer and myself a meer because i was also a guy , because i was application all the time .
you know , as a parent who has the privilege of raising a daughter , just as the ones that you do , we find the same thing , and we 're going to have these statistics very alarming , and we want to prepare them .
so we worked with egyptian scientists to do high chern tube , which you can see .
and they 're all alone , shame , and they 're not supporting .
here , in alabama today , 34 percent of male black population have lost their choice .
the breads are still describing as untouched .
that 's it , very simple .
we 're not going to flick the mars , because everybody thinks there 's a major thing on the planet that has to be done .
pretty simple .
i love to look at my own favorite films with my kids . when my daughter was four years old , we 've been looking at " the magician from oz "
public schools in new york , i was teaching maths for you .
and at the end of the day , i packed my stuff , and i left the hospital and went to the park to drive home when i did something that i didn 't do otherwise .
what if i had the same state of the witodhod ?
and so we don 't really understand what the meaning of our actions in historical contexts .
but that explanation is not good enough .
we remember when we 're engaged .
what do you thinks about writing , in which you can shoot in ?
i have a " online dress-welling cabinet . "
in the plans that were on nearly 60 fund , the most part of the place in the place , now on about the sixth largest percentile .
and because of that , there 's a fundamental human being that has to respect the law .
it was my first sunburn .
so the nervous system has the evolutionary process of this particular structure of information because evolution could now happen inside an individual .
yeah , people will come back to the same thing that they 're going to do , but that 's not what alex ' 20s didn 't make aid .
we have three perfectly perfect physical objects that we all have in a three-dimensional world .
it 's not important if i don 't like the job or not .
you can 't rebuild that , which is another one .
look at it .
this is the call center for service and information .
there 's this little blood pressure that you 're going to go to an iphone or something like that .
because i think the key to the possibility is that you 're in choosing choices .
after just a journey over there .
they use their hands to write uses that improve the government 's work .
and here 's each piece very well planned .
well , it turns out they 're right .
but the most amazed me is , why did it really disturb me that this little girl be so good at the book ?
that i had written these crazy things .
the basis of many of these technologies , and these exponentials .
they didn 't take a lot of back . they brought about 380 pounds of old stone , and something that everybody was 24 later emphasized -- a new sense that our common home is small and fragile .
i lived in parallel .
it 's so easy to help them .
how careful you are .
i didn 't take the hitchhead and did what i should have had to have been a call in my upper to give it to him so that he had a chance to have a picture of his own .
i gave homework assignments .
yeah , on broadway . crazy .
ohhhhhhhhh .
aluminum was at that time the most valuable metal on the planet , more valuable than gold and platin .
and i realized , for instance , that happiness in chinese literally translates " fast joy . "
a kid in london shows the picture of a fifth , and says , " oh , i 've seen a fossil record today . "
this is a mountain .
we 're more than that , we 're citizens .
this is alfred gonzalez .
we 've got a lot of processes going on .
so that 's how we know from our daily lives , how different can trust , but why do we know that , if we think about that abstract , if we think about trust ?
i wanted to know you -- as individuals .
i got to the red carpet next to the sus susan lucci and iconic lorra arbus .
so the things that make you look realistic , i think , are the things that we don 't think about , the things that we don 't think about , are things around us in our daily lives .
we have to test our best ideas and strengthen intuitions and test them .
in 2030 , three of five people in the cities will be the age of 18 .
anyone who 's at this stage , will confirm you that he or she 's just an average memory .
is it photographer at all ?
and for this non-interm engineer , the littler database became another material , electronics just became another material .
now it 's that developers , companies and economists , and economists , are basically all the same opinion of the same opinion of national practices and international abolishments would drive the development of alternative energy , primarily a significant increase in science and engineering and energy technology and a price tax .
so it 's a background .
and this is a view of the view that you get on your headlights or your permanent display , when the system understands the geometry of your body .
but our hands still remain outside the screen .
tell us stories about the lives of other people , and they make it bad for us , because they 're designed to be so bad for us .
and when there was nothing more than there that he thought he was there , and he went into town , in this case , maduchu , the capital of somalias .
i said , " i 'm going to listen . "
he 's a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life was just kept by the hope of unity and freedom of his home .
thank you very much .
it 's a remarkable statistics .
thank you very much .
photos that you have to think for a brief moment to find out the trick .
and one day , i was sitting there , and i was listening to these women , and after a couple of hours , women turned to me to tell us , " well , branyan , you tell me what the initiative is equal . "
go from the little choices to the many , and then they stay there .
we love technology and creativity .
i 'm going to get to a statistics that i hope most of you have heard about .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
we have access to tools with exponential technologies .
i think we have to have something against a change-down piece of medicine .
nobody has the mother 's mother 's mother 's birth , and i didn 't get it because my parents are cousins ' first grade , which they are .
the more opportunities you have to have , the more you have , the more you were in your whole money in pure cash .
we have three main groups .
at the age of 2 ⁇  , i left a hard job in the company investigation for another effort strategic : teaching .
solar technology is --
but as good as none of these films have been the begged-life test .
we 've developed an app for layar , and we 've been expanding reality to find these aes .
it 's very simple . there are only three questions you need to ask : is there more than a character in the movie that 's female and says something ?
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
i 'm glad to see eggs .
oh my god .
but western governments are also helping themselves .
your work , i think , is kind of liturgic .
but kennedy 's own words of 1962 at the rice university give you a better instructor .
now , if you look at the extreme , the plans that have two fund boats , a part of the seeds in the victory -- still not as high as we want it .
so you have to put the ipad and put the glowmes out .
emma came to my office when she was 25 , because she was like she had it , an identity crisis .
after a four-year-old movie , saga gla gloomy gloomy on the lake , when fishing boat was a fishing boat .
lights , torture , solar-level , engines -- everything should be available .
and then it happened again .
but if i had grown up with social media , i might not be here .
i 'm just going to khya , an interactive ipad .
and then you go in your house and you see the crutch monster on your back of mr. ed .
we want to do something against the death penalty .
" cloud-computing " , " something that my friends call my car-inventing " in-computing , " sensors and networks , robotics , three-driven , that allow you to democratize personal production on our planet , synthetic biogenetics , biodiversity , in the fuel , and the feedback , and the digital medical information , artificial intelligence .
maybe it 's not just the lightning clothing .
well , then we want to go ahead and do it .
we all love baseball , right ?
but you can also think differently about it , depending on how we see our identity .
secondly , i said , the urban slippocation is overwhelmed .
but i didn 't get it back .
i started feeling better .
for her life , she had a task of her life : the flight of her family and a new life in australia .
" remember the patient with the smells ? "
and what we looked at was whether the number of funders that were possible to make a retirement plan that would affect 401 plan , whether it 's going to be saved for tomorrow .
and that 's what it shows is that in this possible position for i.t. show up in five meters , we can find a number of hundred years of habitats , go back to the middle of the exchange , the exactive epoch , where we think about the existence of i.ji .
and that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
we wouldn 't let somebody fly a plane if you 're going to go to nine planes that you 're going to lose .
and i spent most of the next year not just training my memory , but also to look at it and understand how it works , why it might not work , and what it might be possible ,
and then there 's the danger .
egyptologists always knew that the stages of i.ji somewhere near the pyramids , he 's building by the two king , and he 's doing the red jellyfish , but somewhere in this massive swimming .
you take it back and give me the money back , or some of the things that you want in the contract .
and this problem often you see , if you look at all the long list of all these funders .
did he stopped that luke of an army , fight to stop the government ?
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i started to explore this idea of how to put the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers .
i really wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions .
i had to see differently to draw the past in a map .
the horser comes from another place .
they 're not doing anything at all .
today , i 'm going to start with eight scratches to show you how the method works .
and when he gets there , there 's no possibility , no work , no way out .
who are these guys ? what are they learning ?
the reason is changing . and -- in this case -- a hard way -- or soft coral reefs are becoming a mattered gardist .
i think i 've probably heard more hands .
and the people who were very familiar about 20 years ago , still very familiar , richers , nurses .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew that i needed several months to plan them to find the different locations for the piece of the puzzle .
if this device seques a rna or dna virus that doesn 't know , it calls the health disorders , and it prevents a pandemic before it .
and then i wonder , how could that happen ?
they 're being tied up by each other .
because the transition seems to be very , very confusing when you 're in the middle of the line .
i shouldn 't do that .
and within a few years , lego would put every household .
but you see , and this is very interesting , and this is very , very easy to see areal , and it 's a very decentralized , and it 's a circle that appeared us as a possible position for the city of i.ji .
privacy is not a debate .
thirty years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
because of the disorders of minorities , i got a great scholarship at the asubs , the arizona state university because i 'm entering every minority .
now -- we can just jump this -- i 'm going to just skip the video --
imagine the first piece : a man that burns his life .
and i realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an outside , a new curator , newlying -- not just okay , but something that you have to be grateful , maybe a gift of the boat .
this childhood rituals are brought back . you have to go out and get a photo of a flower and tag it in a chapter .
but now the biggest force that will lead us to a world of flood .
this is the slide that reminds me of leaving the stage . thank you very much .
i want to talk about trust , and i want to remind you of the scary opinion of trust .
as i said , one of the biggest starters -- justin beber -- he started with youtube at the beginning .
the death penalty question is an interesting question .
the story of his creation is like this : there was a poet called simonids , who went to a fixed .
i think in many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
we change the world , but we don 't remember it .
does anyone like that , do you know , teach us some other emotion with such weird intensity ?
i have to say it 's really boring , but before i did yoga , i was a stand-up comedian who couldn 't even stand .
this is maybe going to be broadcasted publicly .
so i want to talk about what that might be , that transition that we 're at right now .
50 percent of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
that 's the kind of a teacher of shame .
we live on a planet that 's covered  ⁇ 0 percent of water .
so i thought , well , that 's exactly what i really want to design , not a shopping mall .
remember , a big advantage of americans who live under poverty line , access to water , toilets , refrigerators , tv , telephones , phones , phones , climate plants and cars .
and that 's never been in the history of technology development , this kind of recursive growth that 's going through the scale of the size of the order of the two years .
so i think the basics are very simple .
how does dorothy bring her film to a good end ?
narrator 2 : famine in somalia . speaking 3 : papers of police .
but 30 years of research have taught us that famine is political crisis , the catastrophic effects have the food distribution .
people were still happy .
in another chapter , you have to photograph a piece of cotton cotton and tag .
this is the kind of world where i would rather raise my kids -- oz , right ? -- and not in the world where kerle fight , which is pretty much our world today .
and then i take the same patient with a breast painter , and i estimate it , and i estimate it , and i 'll give you a little bit of alcoholized respondence , and suddenly the story is replaced by negotiation .
we 've been a justizard system that you 're treating much better if you 're rich and guilty than poor and innocent .
so , for example , as an example , the most raffined version of this communication part is the human language .
that 's right .
i had to make sure it wasn 't just for the fact that it wasn 't for free , and it was my job to learn that the story was trying to crush us through us , but we were over .
i want to tell you about a very bizarre competition that 's kept in new york city every year .
the last step was to think about the cell , the little cell of the project , the apartment , as a major part of the maze .
the next morning , i woke up , and i didn 't know if i had this crazy contract or actually written it .
and she believed that this was the subjects that we have to deal with .
thank you so much , i 'm finally free  ⁇  "
there 's a project in california justice that has been the taxpayer up to two billion dollars , and it doesn 't work .
and if your employees can 't keep them apart , they can 't do it . "
since 19 ⁇ 0 , no human beings have been on the moon .
there 's a variety of possibility that we have to connect the world and technology together .
and one politics from fear and zorn has convinced us that these problems aren 't our problems .
maybe there 's less hate on the internet if there were more positive role models .
last fall , it had to be in the inflation of the heroic , because diginot was hair .
his village is near mogadic .
the story is not over .
so there 's a nice little game dynamic .
that our contributions are choosing to the system .
you know how to call a 400-dollar ?
my special area is in the 20s because i think every single one of these 50 million knowings , psychologists , neurologists and fruit scientificists , the manifestation of 20s , and the most simplest , and yet , the most simplest thing you can do for the work that for love , maybe for the life , maybe even for the world .
and in one place , the screen is filling with leaves .
it 's going to wake you out of the g yellow-bra mountain .
and so every day , intelligent , interesting people in the 20s , like your sons and your daughters and daughters , and they come to me and say something like , " i know my friend doesn 't do well , but i don 't count this relationship . i just kidding the time . "
but the profession of the baker , we know baker .
i remember being a yesterday .
and then today , we 're not just going to try to do this as an aecd4 , as the product calls , but also as aeede etc .
" in chinese , literally translates " new mother . oh .
we talked about it that nothing has changed since the age of the ancient indian epos , " mahabhabharata . "
we went to the national bookstoret competition and tried to predict what kids would get the most .
and i don 't mean this one , it 's a technical definition of the platform .
people died , including the apollo 1 .
we were out in front of the competition and edge and ed , this wonderful , brilliant , and something excentric english guy says to me , " yosh , you 're an american journalist .
i thought that a new quick way of learning chinese would be useful .
so if you 're faced with the government problem , you don 't care so much about using your voices .
and i would raise a little bit of a bug on this school year before i had a bug on the phone until i was out a taplife plan .
so a map says something about the personal perspective .
my brother staring at me .
the fisheries of these bunkers were very productive , and the fisheries lived well and earned goodly in ghana .
this was before 9  ⁇  11 , and before politicians stopped it , " i hate malems " as a choice warm .
at the end of a day , i cooked a huge soup that we shared .
hi . i 'm kevin alloca , trendsman in youtube . i 'm looking at youtube video .
i 'm talking a lot about these questions .
at that point , the patients come into the game . they can not just take control over the control , captain on their own ship , but can also help us with the health of the challenges that are in front of us and the cost of healthcare , and so on .
you just want to get better and better at getting these crazy , colorful , dirty , funny , and hopefully unintelligent images of your inside your eye .
we still think they 're originally .
they live in a world that has information and communications on the flow , as nobody could have predicted it .
and it 's even better than that , the things that you and i spent several thousand dollars -- gps , hederoids and photo , library full of books and technology , and the medical diagnostics -- are actually being more enthusiased and cheaper in your cell phone .
i personally don 't accept that the construction of our time is reserved , and so i decided to change this .
it 's not true that we can 't solve big problems with technologies .
and i think the reason why is that we realize something is something in the long term .
they have a singer and acknowledged our lives .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
in a depth of five meters , under a thick layer of gummy , we found a dense layer of tonight .
" honor , " i thought , " that 's so different and much better than i 'm going to be lonely . "
and the important thing is , the creativity that 's in the internet culture of tech and geeks .
but we need more .
you see the streets every day , regularly .
bicycle , wheels , wheels , all flies and cross and query . store in pink , they 're in pink .
and i was catapulted by a puzzle piece to the next , and the rachestra didn 't fit together .
the next challenge came when we looked at the proper growth areas of the city where most of the buildings you see on the screen were not there yet .
and the lights up the way through the rest of the book .
so all you have to do is connect a blue and a green one , and you can build a very , very quickly , very , very fast circular loop .
if i didn 't recognize it yet .
and if you 're in a city like maastrics , and someone 's going to break up , you can use your iphone , and in the next weeks , your microsoft phone to find the next ae game that can save the life .
but i can , of course , look at the surveys that are supposed to be the source of the faith that the trust has gone back .
certificate disorders and certificate certificate .
we can , we have to , but we have to have to have these four elements all be there : leaders and the public interests to solve a problem ; institutions have to support the solution ; it has to be a really technological problem ; and we have to understand it .
you might be books with them .
at that point , i was the cardiovascular layer in cardiovascular services .
and then , when the great indian warrior arjuna dur , he took a bow , shot down in the ground and met water .
we 're going to make the past again , which people can 't understand because the norms have changed and have very low .
i had what your sister had . go , drink a beer . "
we don 't like to talk about our story .
one , i told emma , she didn 't have an identity crisis , she 's actually going to have a very identity capital .
and the average of the ability is , if you hold yourself to a future plan , not just for a week or a month , but for years , and really hard to get this plan to do this .
and i got a bad sunburn , and i was convinced that i didn 't really come from there .
so an app that 's written in a couple of days , and then it 's spreading from itself , is a kind of a gunk of a bow , the institution of government .
in about 20 years of medicine , the medical application and journalism , i have a personal medical study about medicine and wrong workers to teach me anything like this for my first article that i 'm going to starton , " i know , " cockath , " art , " art , "
i 'm going to merge how we all all .
of course , books that are banned in china .
and that made alex ' 20s to the optimal time , and we sat there and we went away .
and i used the mechanical owners , and i put the snow .
the apolloomission , which became a kind of metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , and that criteria has been filled .
so now , evolution can happen in the time period of microscopes .
your skin cells are useless without heart cells , muscle cells , brain cells and so forth .
the so-called baker -- baker-aradox illustrates this concept specially elegant . it 's like , if i ask two people to remember the same word , and i tell you , " you know , there 's a person called baker . "
but if you can , if you look into a foreign rural .
i 'm going in there .
someone was broken , and they had the system catched green .
we have a lot of cells that are not based on ourselves .
and this is a newness that we have to use this guy scale on the semi-logothic course of technology .
and so for that reason , i think , it 's important that architecture is simple , but affordable solutions , the relationship between the community and the environment , and the targeting to connect with nature and human beings .
you don 't panic if you 're over 40 .
and so i have integral zaldesis , which means i 'm going to zump all the time .
we 're building this with these little predators , the windows , the windows , the air and light in a controlled way .
obiwan .
and i think it starts with a medical professor , and i 'm .
we got to our tenthatz .
and if we have an energy transmission , we 'll also have water in the flow .
that 's his name .
and the ability to do this is passionate and the end of the long-term targets .
and the best thing about this is possibly what we expect in health .
and charles kenny has been the literacy rate in the past 130 years of 25 percent of the age of 80 percent .
the formulation " first place " is actually , " first of all , you know , " first of all , in your memory palace . "
he took a famous photo . how did it say ?
or you say , " everybody says , as long as i 've done it at 30 years , i 'll start my career , everything 's good . "
it used to be the nail that 's right past the it ji show , and as his run changed , and move on to the west , overhead , he crossed the town .
whereas  ⁇ 
for example , mountain and fire up the fire , which is a " volcano . "
it can know how to hold it .
and a lot of people forget that .
so the system develops backup , and that 's where the system develops backup , which is to make it easier to make mistakes that make people inevitable , and it 's also possible to create supportive spaces that every health care system can actually respond to , which is possible , and even rewarding potential mistakes for me and even for the people who should make that sense of those people .
the environmental crisis , the last 10 years , is that children are sitting in their bedrooms , with their computers , not to go out .
because we 're basically making the past .
if you think that the one on the left side is jazz and the one on the right side is swing , please clap .
and then he took a beat and off my sister and he took it on one , and then they got to me one .
the three words are , remember ?
because the images were going to take it to them .
who 's going to make me care if i have cancer ? "
how did he get to look for help in this particular way ?
and that 's what we need to turn to the literature , because the novel is the lab in the eggs in all their possible forms .
is it really so easy ?
he didn 't start this trend .
the sun letters look like the bloody glass , and if there was no path , you could have nearly assumed that we were the first people to go through this forest .
another point that i find in the " the magician " is very unique , that the heroic and the most clever and the most disruptive and even disturbing characters are female .
so what 's the next step ?
this is a dead turtle .
a 52-year-old woman from michigan , because she was taken by a self-digit false facebook account for a year , and she had written a year , contradiction on herself .
he helped me to train the entrepreneurial spirit of a young young people who participate in the top of the sum , and show them how to innovate and develop innovative and entrepreneurship .
it also fills the local faces that are more crucial density in the top and a lower denser density in the ground .
he moved back into silence .
the answer was no .
now , if i come back to you a second later , and i say , " you know the word i told you about a while ago ?
so these are just a couple of the clips i 've collected over the last six months -- but it 's the last six days . or the last six years .
the monkeys are pretty aggressive , just as the apple trees .
and yes , i have a job of how you might recognize .
the inspiration young people and the creation of an entrepreneurial spirit is a really big step , but young people need capital to actually put their ideas into action .
i learned how to dance on purpose , so i can appreciate to intimate .
because we only have five minutes of available , we 'd have a faster and simpler way to use it .
we 're at a point where we 're at a point , the analogy is too much more than the only cell organisms have developed .
and that 's what we 're doing now .
technology can do things like harvested or systems like stockpilation and transportation of food , but there will be hunger , as long as there are folks .
and then let 's try this analogy to the future .
he starts a new life .
i don 't even think that music videos and pornography have a little bit to do with it , but something goes on , and when i hear that statistics , one of the things that i think is a lot of sexuality fathers .
the judge views him as adults , but i see a child .
a lot of my mandants are very young .
they 're terribly frustrated with their , but they don 't complain about it , they repair it .
now after two years , i came to the conclusion that it 's all about communications , it 's about thylacines .
in an interaction of the book , you 're sent to a search screen . you have to go out and collect the camera of the ipad , of course , you know , collect pictures of objects .
is there another feeling that opens us up in this particular way ?
it 's more people standing when it was 24 , about 60 percent , than six , about 40 percent .
" just do it , " she said , " and don 't be what you 're not . "
so i started a research project with you .
it 's fun because it 's not about training memory .
privacy has to be given .
so she was back .
they don 't fight that we all fight , that 's why they all have to talk to you , they all have to talk .
now there 's a great community of people who are making the tools that we need to be able to put things effectively in common .
and there 's a big moral thing .
now , in egypt , plenty of the plenty of the april 2011 , the main source of the egyptian secret police , and they found a lot of things .
this happens every day , all over . normally people do it , beams , etc .
and do these women talk to each other at some point in time ?
we could fly to mars if we want to .
he 's called " unemed state memory champion ship . "
fish disorders meant countries that were already 100,000 fishing fish , the industrial fishfish fish , this pretty ugly ship named muiara 4 .
you might think that this is just a landscape , and the bottom part of it .
i don 't mean magicians and dragons , but the magic of childhood , those ideas that we all had as children .
i collected a little team of people around me , and i 'm going to get the shelf , " not a unstoppable challenge .
i think that 's true for every human on the planet .
today it 's 2.3 million .
my name is mayo zayon , and i 'm not drunk , but the doctor in my birth .
in maduicu , the biggest obstacles are to come from a to b , the streets .
so if you take the system like this , as i was taught , and all the mistakes that you have to do is to get the health profession , then there 's no one left behind .
thank you very much .
but maybe that 's not the case .
so this allows us to work again as a unified organism .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
the apollo program was the largest peacemination in the history of america .
how many of you saw the risk of ibm supercomputerson at " risk ? "
over the last hundred years , the average life expectancy has doubled more than doubling the inflation of the world 's most income of the population has been diminished .
legendary -- like ted williams lively -- the last majora league baseball player who met over 400 times during a regular season .
some people say , i 'm the first comician in the arab world .
every second , our senses are going to capture much more information than our brain ever can process .
and then despite their logarithmic processes on the left side , it goes upwards .
and when we hear the word first , we 're going to connect these associations with the word and allow the word to find that later , later , the memory .
but that 's the niceest thing that can happen because this is the pitness of the group , groups , to help patients , because that might be used against obesity , or it could be used to smoking the patient .
and to do that , we have to look at three things .
what do these two together have ?
and these aren 't the features of the old media , and they 're also very hard to meet the media of today , but they 're going to determine the conversation of the future .
is that really , that means that we 're right now in the middle of a transition .
it 's like a group of people sitting there and writing a test .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the empathy of the planet earth , would never have dreamed of this luxury .
he opened up a motorcycle store .
take a story to the story that it 's the task of a male hero , and then it 's the task of a male hero , and then pick up the reward , which is a woman who didn 't have friends and didn 't talk ?
it can produce a thousand liters clean drinking water every day from various sources -- whether salt water , dirty water , latrine -- and all that for less than two cents per liter .
when i was a graduate student at stanford university , i went to this very ex-clusive food store at least at the time , he was really exclusive .
and the nurse was going to ask for the nurse .
the trustworthiness is that we have to estimate . of course , that 's hard .
so what happens is , if you put somebody in your head in the 20s and you say , " you get 10 years to make something out of your life ? "
he 's introduced this young woman .
the light seems to be on the crutchman .
so , if you think about programs that can worry about the marriage of the marriage .
there was a crazy line of crucial point that in this country there 's nothing more rights that there 's just missing .
but emma didn 't need therapist who really needed to care about it .
it would be kind of a certain kind of thing .
you can teach young people to be entrepreneurs .
i asked thousands of students at the bottom secondary graduate students to fill up the assets , and then over a year to see who graduated from the graduate .
now , with all our digital devices , seven days a week , 24 hours a day of all these negative news , it 's not a miracles that we 're pessimistic .
this is a really extraordinary honor for me .
they kept us inspired by that .
and his story repeats itself over and over again in the urban areas around the world .
and it 's often the youth that 's suffering from high unemployment .
finally , he 's married .
i grew up with whooberg , rose barr and elen , and all of these women had together : they were comicers .
i 'm going to give you these kids who were being sent to very hard punishment .
at microsoft applied applied sciencees , with my mentor corti bolder , rewinds the computer , and a little room on top of the keyboard , into a digital workplace .
we 've seen some fantastic presentations .
everything that you give me , and what you 're joy tells me could also prepare somebody else 's joy , maybe even at that moment . "
and i asked him , " ed , when did you realize that you have this particular accuracy ? "
we set ourselves down in footballscrama , one of the workers whose population is made up of immigrants .
in these things , there was a folder called finish man .
if we think about the evolution of a child , we all know that the first five years of speech engineering and connectivity in the brain is critical .
in fact , i went to the kino to look at a very good movie , " argo . "
i 'm sure that any example of this can be contributed to any examples .
but we 're not hearing a little bit about that there 's something like adult development and our 20s of a speechientation .
and they developed specific structures that did nothing else , as information in the organism .
it 's people like homes from their difficult tasks by going to put them on first .
it was nice to talk to yourself and talk about phone numbers and phone numbers and the most bumblebee , but that wasn 't what i wanted to get .
this is a advice that goes back to the memory of over 2,000-year-old latin texts about memory .
it 's not particularly science -- it 's a cup of coffee or tea , and it asks the patients , families , relatives , " how are you going to do it ?
is it about the light ?
and she looked at me and she said , " five , four , three , two ... "
so how do you find a dug in a dramatic city in a very dedicated landscape .
now in the world of savings , i think one of the best examples that have just come to the market recently about how to hunt the best choices , you 're supposed to be something that 's very strong in the laidai , and it 's a program that 's been offered at harvard .
and as humans , we 're much better at looking at problems in the long run , but ultimately , they 're going to be overcome .
and freud says , this guy 's kind of od , because he doesn 't even look at what his wife does .
and during that collection , we have this collection just as popular as it was , just as we added a little bit of a little bit .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
it 's not about what 's realistic , but what we think it 's realistic .
and if you 're one of those people , i 'm asking you to think about it , because things are changing .
well , let me show you a little bit more of it .
and then on a wolves day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun broke out , and i might say , i can feel better .
i have the privilege , these 20s , like emmaza every day , the 30s are not the new 20s , so he 's going to give you an identity capital , and that 's your weak banking your family for your family .
i 'm here to share my photography with you .
my mother asked us to adapt your hand .
and it 's also important to me to make something that indian is also very time-reference .
one hebmba once said to me , " the problem is that the paperwork takes longer than the baby on the world . "
it would be a certain kind of unconscious of us , consciously and targeted people . "
police officers came in and they were in and they were making state lawyers and office workers .
if we 're eliferous , we 're telling ourselves a story .
now , if i talk about this problem , i 'm going to ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
they were looking for people like him .
in other words , every step here is a potential in performance .
everybody wants over and often miss the car drivers don 't stop enough .
i want to show you how we see differently when we use infrared .
i don 't understand why i felt so good at this .
and finally , i think that although it 's so dramatic , so inspiring and so inspiring , and so at the end of our technology , we don 't measure , not in the things we 're developing , not understanding our intellect and mind .
this is the simulation of chesapeake bay .
and one task is , we should rebuild trust .
this is a very sensitive question .
sherry brown got the role .
do you trust melting ?
at that point , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells that combine together as a single organism .
we bring our kids and we get closer to the natural world and we get into the magic , and we enjoy the love of our childhood through the simple medium of history .
walk over , over , over in your living room .
and so during this analysis , i was particularly afraid of the medina , that 's the 1,000-year-old structure that was captured by a wall , by 12 toreans , and was connected to almost straight lines .
it 's the crowdsourcing .
and it 's the crux .
in the media lab , i sat down with my hiris ishi and my collaborator mahi and my collaborator mail , a real pixel .
i 've come to believe that it 's not the only purpose of a dream , to be true .
she said , " first of all , you know , you 're always going to love your mom . "
so we found a density layer of the habit of this site that went back to the middle richer .
the disabilities are the biggest -- yes . that 's an applause . go .
this is a modest little app .
and who 's all there , the good leaches , the terrible tom randy , the crazy swanny , marcel perceive himself .
by 2020 , we 're going to be preceding two to five billion internet users .
bryan , you 've really got a string to the swing .
you know , you 're just getting very hard to get into that weight .
you really have to imagine that .
too many people in the ' 30s and 40s look up and look up on myself and say , " what did i do ? what have i thought ? "
the summerers often insisted that my father wanted to heal me , so i 'm going to tick a milk of chairs , was tired , tired into the dead sea , and i know how the water was going to go in the bridge and i thought , " it works  ⁇  "
you know , you get out of the classroom when you call in your town 311 .
the question is why people accept that .
the forest was radio .
we told her stories and insurance that we were still in her .
and if it 's all good , and i 'm very confident , coca-cola will apply this technology globally in 206 countries all over the planet .
i spend most of my time with the social weakest in social dials and in places where there 's a lot of hopelessness .
and at the end , you just want to get the most significant overreight .
now the transitional is there where these communities are so close together , that they decided they decided to write the recipe for the whole community to write the dna .
we can get them to do things that they thought they couldn 't do .
car bombs , outfaces of the car -- i have 56 possibilities .
imagine if you live in a specific neighborhood , and you have a loved one-to-the-profit people with heart attacks and your homegrowns to this cardiologists whose average department is at the end of 200 .
when they got back , i graded grades .
we know that over 30 times more than half americans are married or with the future partners or have a relationship .
this is the story that he tells you , and it 's written by writing , prostate that snowan every new rice he 's ever found to his " instruments collecting in his private summer . "
we use the energy of the sun .
i was representant of the great state of new jersey in theocracy national community in 2008 .
and yes , i even did the house on top of the island to make it swedish .
if we want to live a memory-of-based life , we have to be the person who doesn 't forget about it .
same word , different memory capacity . that 's od .
there were remixels .
do we take that story like this ?
it 's been clever that famine was the failure of food supply .
it 's not our fight .
but soon , my career was going to be asking alex 's love life .
they were in february , and it was a lot of snowden last february .
and he knew he would have been able to contribute to her in extra information .
so let 's go back , and that 's 2.5 billion years . the earth was a big , sterile pumps with lots of swedish chemicals .
and he looked at me and he said , " all right . "
but if you 're in 2011 today , you know , if you 're going to buy a new color bladder of the leader printer and you print a side , and you 're going to print this side of the yellow light on every page , and you 're going to put it on a pattern that gives you a little bit more pressure and you pressing on your printer .
one thing i want to leave you with is something i 'm going to leave you with , something that i 'm thinking about , the man who didn 't even remember his memory problem , and we 've learned our lives . our lives are the sums of our memories .
every generation , the images that you take on in your conscious lifetime , as standard and everything will be dedicated .
that we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
and i think that 's what we see here in this explosionary curve .
i was trained for two years to become a turin , in hunan , china , in the 19 ⁇ 0s .
my home state alabama delivers the choice , and when they 're correctly discriminated .
on the table , in front of him , there are 36 maps of cards that he invented within an hour of a technology that he invented and was a single master ,
they closed them to the machine .
we 're in between . by the way , the average citizens are almost right in the middle .
and i spent the time collecting more and more knowledge .
and this opens a map .
so now we 've got the time-scale back-to-skill .
and this is one of the three main sources of the online problems .
and that argument is not a sense of purpose .
the duty would have just been too easy .
now we saw the reverse effect .
but there are two problems there .
so the growth rate itself is accelerating .
two days later , i came to my next emergency service , and my bosses doctorate to a conversation in your office .
so we 're the amoeks , and we can 't really do what the hell we 're doing here .
but it has an unexpected turn .
in cities towns everywhere -- from los angeles on philadelphia , baltimore to washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all black men either in prison , in prison , in prison , or disproportionate , or with demanding strategic waste .
but to flies , you know , there 's a political choice of public popularity , and that 's why it 's never going to happen .
but you also have to suggest evidence that you 're trustworthy .
and the nurse thought about it , and in fact , in fact , it 's kind of a kind of a thing , " yeah , i think it 's going to be good . "
i learned everything from the perspective .
that 's the system in which we live in .
who are you really going to know who you want to inform ?
everything gets good .
they 're the floor to make a variety of scripts .
the scriptical left is two mountains across each other .
but what we do is , however , we 're all closed to everyone , including me , into the world with the sound of perfect .
i hope that together we can create a positive image of disability in the media and in the day .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have , on a photo .
how can i teach you my mistakes , so you don 't do the same thing ?
the sun goes over the horizon : sunrise .
now , how do people die in this hack ?
we see the process that feeds itself .
we were poor .
we want mass-packed off . "
i call them the " the next billion "
the roof , my favorite place in this project , the community is almost the space that 's taken from the building .
for me , entrepreneurship is more than just the foundation of a business .
: if god of your soul gatherers be papa . daddy 's named mayo zayonay , " if i can , you can do that , you can do that . "
thank you very much .
now , this is the lunchroom before i think i 'm going to stop here before i get out .
for a year , we didn 't have cents .
imagine you , you 're standing in front of your pet .
and by the encountering of a new culture , i began to read with the comparison .
they don 't work like intended .
it 's got billions of those .
we 're proud of them . "
we 've now met 30 discrete storage .
oh , yeah  ⁇  you 're all amazing .
and then she said , " next , you know , you 're always going to do the right thing . " even if it 's hard to do the right thing . "
scientists call a " a " a publishing puberty " 20s .
but i 'm going to be a demonstrator , but i 'm trying to learn from it to pass it on other things .
today , i 've been an example of this . i 've been teaching you today . i 'm going to talk about this .
the competition for the best memory is dominated by a kind of neutrient , where anyone with a new technology to the faster powers of multiple facts and the rest of the field .
now we 're going to do this with aircraft .
i 'm going to give you something .
only about 12 percent of their decisions , they needed an hour or more time .
you know , betray ? yeah . life ? yap .
i was amazed , i was angry and confused .
you go to your kitchen , and the fourth thing you wanted to talk about was this strange journey you went to for a year . and you have some friends who help you remember it .
but the one moment that 's most going on -- before this one -- the moment that 's most out there , the most is when i was at the time i was at the guy who flies like a shattering and flies like a bee layer layer , the parkinson 's disease , and just as tap as i can say , " ohha .
a disabarding is as visible as the origin .
20-year-olds are like launched planes that are just leaving the airport and going to be able to go somewhere .
and they 're going to be healthier by using the cooperative , and they 're going to be better trained by the khan academy , and by doing that , and by doing that , they 're going to have the possibility of the 3d printer and computer-finning , and they 're going to be more productive than ever before .
the amazing thing about this is that this kind of information stores over the age of 2.5 billion years that they 've been born in .
it 's not really going to be so far , and it 's not really going to be able to get meaning , but maybe we 're going to start a movement today .
this is equally equal to 21-1-year-olds , 25 or 29-year-old , a good conversation , a great vacation , a great tedtalk can have a huge impact on ted talk for years and even over years .
how good , do you think you 're going to make decisions ?
and then , mr. carr put a finger on my face and said , " and so you have to be very , very , very tape . "
scott was underneath human to human .
so this was what happened within the lifetime of a single organism , whereas before that , there were hundreds of thousands of years of years of years of time , because this information was learned from the evolutionary levels that were due to individuals who died because of this fruit flies , because these information systems were not yet .
from my eyes , i looked up and i looked down the janitor and i went off .
i didn 't know how to talk about crying .
i said , " what ? neah . why ? "
this country is different than 40 years ago .
it 's the time that the ordinary , everyday life has a super-consuming impact on the future .
it 's kind of and it 's going to get all the information on the search for every antidote from our environment .
she cried a lot of times in the meetings , but she gathered , and she said , " your family can 't choose , but your friends are already . "
he said , " mr. stevenon , did you put this crazy contract ? "
that 's somebody who 's sure about four in the last four minutes .
in one of them , i was the classic asian student , who was the unexpected requesting himself .
the droughts caused the poverty of this village and the hero of hungry .
in the whole computer story , it was always our goal , to connect the distance between us and digital information , the gap between our physical world and the world of screen , where we can live our imagination .
in many areas , people were afraid of lynchmobs .
but why did they go ?
like most adults on the boat , my mother got a little poison bottle .
but one of them might be lucky with some two numbers of them in the right order .
i never met him personally .
we have to find ways to challenge those challenges : these problems , this suffocate .
we know that eggs are the main reason for murdering murder in the united states .
is it a way to say that if we had no eggs , we don 't have any literature ?
but this is a model that can 't be repeated in the future .
if a wheelchair driver can 't play beyon  ⁇  can beyon  ⁇  no wheelchair driver .
and i 've learned a whole bunch of really interesting things .
and from a conversation with dean kaman this morning , one of the innovators of the i dot golferiend , i want to share something with you -- he gave me the permission -- his engineering , the sinot , which is , and many of you may have heard about earlier . it 's the size of a refrigerator .
the cells generally started to abstract information again .
he says , " a woman we need to suffer from us , unlocks us a bigger and broader spectrum of emotion as a man who cares about us . "
it 's a shame , because we live in a nigeria .
the next week , i was going to be aware of my life , and i first learned the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture -- i felt alone , isolated , not the kind of healthy shame you feel because you can 't talk to the colleagues .
i think we 've learned that the words of a teacher are meaning , but that 's the words of a very , very meaningful teacher .
as every teacher , i did test test and exams .
she was also the starting point of a lot of disruptions in our family .
as it would feel like it 's going to live in a world where the german state of state , especially if underneath the ratio of jewish people .
and the other thing that she did was she came back to mongomeromy , where she met two oldest friends of her oldest friends , these elderie carrie , who organized the monterey boy -- an amazing african-american -- and virginia , a white husband , white hanglist , kangling , kangttt .
okay . now open your eyes .
it 's just not a propaganda . i understood .
one day , he 's approached by a man who invites him to lunch , and then for dinner , after dinner .
so every morning i 'm going to talk to my wan-wage , and people talk to me before i 'm in the car , " to lunch lady just a little satal , today lucas . "
narrator 4 : malignant cartels . speaking five : dangerous cruise ships .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
to get to the moon , nasa spent about 180 billion dollars according to the current value of the month or four percent of the state .
i said , " yeah . " and then we started discussing it .
thank you very much .
she sat down and she looked at me . she said , " i want you to know i 've observed you . "
and he adds to that there wouldn 't be a scotland yard , the shorthood woodmars wouldn 't want to shake the hand .
as the concrete block , the transistor allows us to build more complex circle , more complex circuitry , a stone after the other .
i told her that the time i was going to go and sit down a new family , and i 'd say , " i 'd say , " i 'd say , " i 'd say , " i 'd say , " i 'd say , i 'd say , " you know , i 'd say , i 'd say , i 'd say , i 'd say , i 'd say , i 'd say , i 'd say , " you know , i 'd say , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to give you know , i 'm going to think , i 'm going to give you know , i 'm going
they 're like a reassure .
it 's the i.t. diving guy , the capital of the old egypt , over four hundred years , in a epocho called middle-aged rich , about a thousand years ago .
10 minutes later , the judge announced a break .
in these cities , the effects of architecture in today and future lives of people who are local communities and economic systems just as fast as the buildings are growing .
we all have to believe things that we can 't see at the end of the day .
a kid in india says , " i 've seen an monkey . "
this is not my opinion . these are facts .
this mental orientation is the core of what i think the ted community has to engage in it .
life hadn 't changed for centuries for centuries .
you see who we were , and how life has shaped us , we can see that the men who might have come to our lives , have come to us in the quantities .
does it have neah ?
i said , " ok , grandma . "
last year , bear vasquez was snequez , who was filming in front of his house in yosmite national park .
this is a tree .
and then that 's what i call our average , necessary , common sense .
it was a beautiful day .
we 're getting better than we 're going to get up .
it 's true that half of the 20s is underwater or not working .
it made me fear that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without a camera and no tweet to my friends .
we think about the little boy who 's trying to sleep .
why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more time using an eccarte or a credit card than when you 're in bars ?
in the future , most crimes will play online .
think about prosthes , we think of emotion . right ?
i 'm going to send a map in a  ⁇ 4 ⁇  martin minsky , ale , and he 's going to say , " oh , look . look at that .
maybe we wouldn 't practice somebody 's excellence .
it was the first thing that it was out of a state that we call " wita hotodod . "
so the amygdala is our early warning system , our dangling sector .
just my friends supported me , but they were just kids , just as much as i do .
it 's estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced -- or  ⁇ 5 stones for every person on this planet .
here are two different jewelry plants .
he said , " i 'm so proud of you . "
but what should we do ? we can 't do it as tom ripley .
we want to get things that are gone , or things that are not as much as they were .
at the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges of their city .
since then , i 've been fascinated by this incredible language .
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind and oil is cheaper than biofuels .
and i 'm saying that it 's more likely to be more likely to be more likely to be the victims of an online crime than a crime in the real world .
that 's what 's happening today .
i don 't know how cats are , but let 's say , he 's a huge impression .
your father died shortly after your birth .
but there 's something else .
there 's no dramatic fighting like the cold war , no politicians like john kennedy , who makes all difficult and dangerous heroism , and no popular science fiction magazine , like the exploration of the solar system .
you know how many decisions you make on a typical day ?
my second mistake was worse .
i had an idea that this would be the last moon mission , but i was sure there were hundreds of professionals that i was still in my life on the mars .
i don 't think anyone 's ever realized that we 're not an italian .
he 's my grandfather .
mudangle is ubiquitous .
and in the context , it can be for the next day .
and at age 15 , i knew i was too old to start with the training .
they 're all important possibilities . "
it may take time to get it down .
when i was eight years old , a new girl came to class , and she was so amazing , like new girls , always seem like new girls .
and that 's what i think is three of .
so they 're getting al .
the movies are very focused on getting the bad news and getting their reward , and there 's not a lot of room for other relationships and other people .
these two examples have a common approach to design process .
1,000 , very good .
and we later realized that if there were going on the normal channels , it would have been thought about two years ago , and it would have been over two million dollars .
so one day , i stayed in school a little bit longer , much longer , and i hid me in the skullchote .
you hear it everywhere .
if we find a person in the corresponding topics , and honestly , we have a good reason to trust your trust , then you 're trustworthy .
the first survey was to think about how we could make the building energy map , in a city that has nearly electricity waste every day .
i studied mr. printer , and she was in respiratory .
and i have 100 microgram of a wise pulse that i try to keep in the airports of security carsonally .
who could have anticipated all that ?
what happened here ?
and the name of dozens and the dozens of unknown .
let 's go for a second .
now i know it was the bottom of the sea .
and here you are with all the performance of your imagination of the britney special .
and luckily , he didn 't die .
beyond the simple games , it 's actually pretty powerful .
the memory palace , these memory-of-life techniques , they 're all just shortcuts .
that 's something from a novel .
but when you work together , something starts to change , and eventually you go to " the six napoleon " -- " wooden comes in and all of its solution is going to be able to get leached and says , " we 're not nixed , mixing up .
are you competent ? are you honest ? are you reliable ?
before i leave that talk , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
if you want to know it , these other springs are friday .
because the thing is , the scarcity of context , and technology is a resourceful force .
the course that you 're going to keep up with , is that we 're surely in front of ourselves , in front of our absence , the absence , and that 's the process , and that 's going to keep it up , and it 's going to keep up , and it 's going to keep up , and it 's going to keep your price .
he started to re-punch flowers with flowers , private gardens and businesses around town , and he 's working on the design of the first public park in maduchu for 22 years .
because in this context , we 're starting to understand the really amazing things that make us feel .
and i tell you , " you know , there 's a person who 's a baker . "
i 'm always going to start with a skeech , an idea .
they 've learned to store the reception of cells as information , and that 's in a specific chemical form that we call dna .
and it doesn 't work , somehow .
who would have predicted " doble rawww , " or recbecca blackack or " nyan cat " ?
we 're so far that we 're just for the pleasure purpose of writing itself in this code .
after they survived the cultural revolution , they believed that the only way to be safer and good job .
so now , the time for this international job , this practice , this is the launch , the launch that you want to try .
and to realize that you can 't have this child that you want , or you can 't give a siblings to the child .
it 's new nano technologies on the path , nano-materials .
and with that method , you can make from the first eight radical 32 words .
isn 't that ?
i don 't know if you heard about it .
it seems like silver shores are not an emotional , but a physical problem .
and i 'm very glad that i don 't have a lot of friends , the compensation and reliable , but i don 't think so much .
but what about that day , that particular friday ?
the first example began with a invitation , a multiple-scale bought center in ethiopia 's capital of adis ababa .
there are several known cases of online million , multilimillion , multimillionaire that have money done by attacks .
if you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
it 's got an app , a web and phone app , called " citizens connectet . "
so i would say there are three simple rules to follow a realistic outcome .
it 's rational .
this is an idea that all the 20s you should know .
my mother may was 18 when her father died -- she was already in an arrested marriage , two little girls .
and there 's a lot of things that you know , especially if you 're going to be in a hospital that 's only 14 patients per night .
i said , " i don 't want to . you just do it . "
for example , the invention of language , for example , was a little step in this direction .
i had to go even deeper .
so the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets , and we put all the invisible of the building .
so this is e.p. , for example .
and then you can tag through this book and you can cure and you can cortex and words . all of this on the virtual toad , underneath each window .
one of five women in america is that she 's already being sexually killed in her life .
he said , " jimmy , what are you doing in the court room ? "
i 'd try to trustworthy trustworthand , but i wouldn 't trust the trustworthy .
but my mother said , " no . "
so these tended to survive longer , and they reproduce in a bigger picture .
now the question i want to ask you is , if you look at these exponential curves , you can see , you don 't go forever .
and that was the first time i learned this myself .
and that 's the huge role that can play a sea level .
i went to the same competition that i visited a year earlier .
it 's about understanding that people , in order to understand the difference between possibilities , what consequences are associated with individual possibilities , and that 's what these consequences have to be easily trapped and concrete and concrete .
my big breakthrough was 2010 .
and we also found evidence for a jeweled society that shows that this has to be a very important city .
actually , bear didn 't want to make a viral video .
and now i 'm going to give you a few seconds to read you , and then i 'm asking you to clap you if you 're willing to get to gary 's .
he kept watching the window and he could hear the whole towabohuh .
and he grabs my mother six times in six different directions , and he grabs me little poor little air .
there 's a thing that says , " this plane is made up of hundreds of thousands of little pieces of small , which are working together to make your plane safe . " don 't you make you confident ? "
three are " radio . "
in south africa , people have understood that the race disconnection is not to overcome the fact that the willingness of truth and reconciliation .
you can almost feel how your blue ftz is going to be a little bit .
and that 's the result , it 's almost like a combination of a european block and the arab town .
it was a halved assessment .
so i jeweled all over the place , " finally , i get a role  ⁇ 
we had a team of fur 's team in boston last year , and we had a team of fellowship program .
lego basically took the concrete building blocks of the world , and they 're made a construction block from it to our imagination .
the main reason for this is that maybe we can enjoy this huge regional of may be able to look at this huge area of mayona , mustard it and migrate , but we can 't take the facts and we can actually take the complaint and actually pick up some of the amazing things .
in short , we 're going to try to bring trust in our short life in different ways .
the volume has this connective form that 's actually shipping himself through three different apartments of space , and it 's also going to be able to get fourth grades to the earth . in the beautiful , there 's three different facilities , like a fitter and a kindergarten , and a kindergarten , and a range of businesses that are going on in the middle of the ground .
in the world wide web , i 'm all of a sudden voluntary time .
you 're all over the day , you 're all over the road , and you 're all over .
the fact is that you 're looking at the objective , the first time you had more information than you did , but i would say , " i would say , " you 're going to get it in the second time . "
they were looking at hundreds of random numbers at hundreds of random numbers .
so my dream would never get true .
all these generations require just a few milliseconds .
you can learn a little bit of effort , you can learn a couple hundred scripts , like an eight-year-old chinese child .
how could the story of a small town can only try to get into the capital city , so that he would jump himself into the air ?
but these oil dropletations were not about life in the same way that they were today , because every single one of them was just a little , random reception of chemicals .
do you make the methods that are easy to use and start with this person to get into the team .
here 's an example .
she was a 26-year-old woman named alex .
if you live in california , there 's a different volcil in this spring that 's about making a work to actually run a stroke from the money to the flowing in politics of the puncture .
i 'm talking about terrorism , the time at the end of the reconstruction , until the beginning of the 2.c. war .
i think we have to do more to help people who have become victims of a criminal , not less .
maybe the tremendous progress that we 've done in the last century is a set of forces , so strongly that we 're going to be able to create a world of floods in the next three decades .
there 's this guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw that he could use this app , not for snow , but to adopt the citizens of tsunami viruses .
but that 's not what people get in the 20s don 't listen to .
these people have come to the rich , they 've got to rich , but they 've got it illegal by using trojans to run money from our bank accountants , while we 're doing our online banking , or also kogy , our cognitive biases that are going to be able to get our types of creatures on the keyboards that we 've collected on a computer-can-e-consuming computer-cale computer .
your favorite character , of course , was glinda .
it 's a group of worst citizens who wrote a very detailed 325-page report , which is one answer to the secmemo , about the law of financial reform .
i 've been learning alex far too much since my first patient to see just how emmas are decades ago , in some cases , in the most cornerable .
and i was good , i was going to sleep with cum sounds .
i don 't have to worry  ⁇ 
that 's great . this is the digital , the physical thing .
i think eggs is magical information .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
and sometimes , when something about ted comes to you , it gets meaning and force that doesn 't have otherwise .
and then , the best time to work on alex ' marriage , before it 's married . "
so these are the three main corporations : criminal , the gelf , because of the money , hacking antonymus , the resistance of it , but the last group , the governments , the folks , the attacks .
the u.s. government service frustration two months ago , the swiss account of mr. sam jamin , and on this account , 14.9 million u.s. dollars when it was frozen .
here 's another example .
so if we 're going to think about things like this , then the obvious answer to people , " ok , that sounds bad , but it 's not me because i 'm a bribe citizen .
he got injectives of antibiboica and he got a few days later .
but you can combine something special like this .
we don 't really know very much about it .
and i see the same process in the same process of photos .
they also have common sense that the different analyses of different perspectives become a part of the final architecture .
and over a period of time , from one and a half to two hours , they started feeling better .
but today , we 're far beyond that .
and then you say , yeah , okay , so what 's the most important thing is not trust , but trustworthiness .
but you don 't have to be eggful to get to get the fact that it 's hard work . right ?
and then , recently , a study done with ceos where they watched cos for a week .
i was born for that role , and they gave them an actor without cp .
we 're here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
but for the african-americans in this country , it was a time of terrorism .
even cats look at this video .
nothing .
in the hand , the court room was full of people who were angry , that we talked about skin color , talked about poverty , about inequality .
he started to avoid motorcycle in place , which they might not afford .
from the first half of the 20th century , the flip and the plane , penicillin and a vaccine against tuberculosis .
the dialing of dna was an interesting step .
here in new york , the stadgett shrimp is about 11,000 tons of garbage and 2,000 tons of recycling .
i don 't think that children 's film anything to do with it .
now , you know , reproduce all the left legitimate ones that have worried numbers .
it 's exciting when somebody 's going to beat the beat .
but i really think that after we got something else .
one or two hours later , if i got your hand , she came up to me and said , " hey , you know , do you feel my hug ? "
this little town of town with the city of capital trees was the self-morder and bombsight , and this dynamic group of young people was al-shabaab , a terrorist organization with al qaeda .
so the first step is to inspire young people , and in this room , mohamed 's lawyer effects on the other young people in the room .
if my three older sisters went to a public school , my parents would blame the school system so that i could go back and , and if we didn 't all have a war , we would all overcome the pantoism of my mother 's mother 's school .
sometimes , when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get your attention .
i think our identity is threatened .
how about contributions that we can 't even predict ?
so for example , we didn 't have designers with no experience in electronic things that started to play with littlebits as a material .
they gave their blood pressure .
but i kept working on working on it .
now there are 10,000 parochials from " fiday " in youtube .
i said , " promise , grandma . "
i didn 't want to be the only one that stayed . sometimes i think i 've married my husband because he was in my 30s next chair . "
a human behind japanese ?
they thought about working for a ngo or the government , but this story , his innovation , had a strong impact on them .
the equality of arabs was much easier than the challenge to get to the stigma of disability .
this person has been bored in the ambition and the urgency , and it doesn 't happen .
but it 's not shortcuts .
she tried to shoot it to the new friend of her ex-free , and i 'll give it to the shoes , and i 'll give you that , and i 'd react to it , and i 'd respond to admiration .
one of the things that i 've learned from the x prize is that little teams that are motivated by passion and focused on , can create extraordinary things that have large companies and governments could only create in the past .
take tom randley , your most famous figure .
and there were the rare cholesterols of " slime moat " and there , and there were painters : " asians , " go home . "
he was empowering her city as a place of opportunity .
like , for instance , a wait list of work , or why the doors of the elevator of the elevator , or how an ipod is responding to touch .
now , all of these randomly chosen instructions , all the programs , and then the closing to those of my spending are the next . "
my dream got true .
and somehow , kids don 't do that anymore .
so two people can improve trust in each other .
and these two images fit these two demands -- from the same altitude and the same lighting .
how much are we ready to lose your eyes briefly by losing your permanently , that we look at our blackberry or our iphone , instead of looking to people who are talking to us , how much are we willing to lose because we 're sophisticated , we don 't want to know , and remember ?
first of all , narrow .
but it does something that doesn 't do any other government technology .
and looking at the door , the paint , and the material that 's made from the site .
two women that exist and talk to each other about anything .
in classical chinese , it means " exil " because chinese caste sent their political enemies to the mountains .
i just found that all fascinating and still .
why did i go to medicine ?
just like " double rawin , " it seems like nothing to be done .
and after a few years of school , i came to the conclusion that in education , we 're learning a much better understanding of students and learning from a perspective of motivation , from a psychological perspective .
and my favorite , " poor halter-grist .
my mother was the youngest of her 10 children .
my name is brian goldman .
the truth is that nobody knows all the medicine , what a good surgeon or a doctor or a rescue should be a resistant .
so i took a job as a cleaner .
i 'd like to talk to you about why so many electronic health projects .
because the keymakers like jimmy ken , are imagining new things and interesting things and they show you a big audience .
it 's really just about combining different realities .
so here 's a study we 've done in a magazine .
tastemaker , creative participants , totally unexpected , are the features of a new kind of media and culture , and each one of the people who have access and the audience of popularity .
and he 's got upset that there 's only boys in the universe , except for tanzan , and of course , this princess , who 's really cool , but in most time , that 's actually so that you can pop up the heroes with a medail and a eye career , and you know , to thank him for the presence of the universe , which he 's been born ?
i put them and i made me to treat .
she was almost hysterical , and she looked at me and said , " who 's going to be there for me when i have a car accident ?
and because of nothing more important than our survival , the first half-called information is part of our temporal lobes , the amygdala .
and they found that a very average ceo is going to be engaged in 139 tasks a week .
that was the moment that i realized that 30 is not the new 20 .
now you have a group overweight fkler on your drive .
is it about the details or the color ?
what are you trying to do ? "
maybe even in our cell phones .
i said emma : i 'm going to get the work world , but i 'm going to do something about it .
in both cases , i didn 't send them home , and i don 't think there were any imperfections in their treatment .
you always lose rare animals .
in a nincal layer , i have a blind date on two times .
it 's spreading rapidly .
so if my three older sisters wiped , i wiped out .
what 's not to learn ?
and those who , for example , put their savings into the hands of a certain mad , who would then be like the name , and so that made out of the dust , " ma " -- " he abandoned " -- " and then i think i 'm trusted a lot .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there on the triggers , the trunks , were coral reefs .
third , it 's about making it impossible to make it differently , where the individual images start and ending by connecting them closely .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
in fact , it 's not really even real shortcuts .
let me close with three of my own words : i remember .
so one day , i decided to go to visit the filter , and one day i asked the ladder , " this is the work that you really have to offer all these possibilities ? "
good .
and that as a reconstruction of trust , the subject repeats the content .
thank you .
even though the driveness is that i don 't know anything about my previously in the interior statement , it 's still going to keep me out of it .
in fact , we 're also a more sophisticated community .
so , he 's kind of a guy , and he 's got the movie , and he 's kind of like a grandkids , and i don 't think he 's got what 's going on , but he 's actually bent up .
maybe even you know a baker .
so it didn 't change anything , and yet everything changed .
did he applaud , hi , hierarchy and loyalty ?
some of these oilrots contained a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate other chemicals and grow up to grow .
nobody 's ever moved faster than the apollo 10 , and the unknown optimism about the power of technology is evaporating , because the big problems we 've been able to solve with technology , for example , to produce clean energy , clean energy , cancer , or the world , or the hunger , seems to be able to get away from the world , seem to be hard .
but that 's a topic for another time .
in a hospital system where the medical knowledge doubles every two to three years , we can 't keep with it .
in a world where every minute , you can upload video , only really unique and unexpected , as you know , the videos .
it 's getting faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
and there 's -- what i 've done is -- what i 've done is i 've taken this code -- the code is made of normal letters that we use to symbolize -- and i 've been writing my visual map on a piece of dna , and i 've got it 's 10 percent of the code , and i 've got it 's 11 square feet .
he had a potential chance of living traumatic disease called epigotitis .
i recently did a survey with over 2,000 americans and the average number of choices that are attacked by a typical american person on a day is  ⁇ 0 .
but i bet if i 'd ask you who remember that moment at a speaking yellow ponytail in your fyer , you can see that the problem .
and every creature uses exactly the same letters and the same code .
we do that . so rational we 're also , so we 're very intellectual .
because the categories tell me how to keep you apart .
" japanese . "
now , a certificate , you need if you have a website with hattt , with slice keys , for example , gma .
we 're talking about a 300-d if a slug in 300 .
the poor critter is basically underdog .
they use their hands .
a piece about a girl with cp .
why are you still there ?
today , we want to talk about how video is going to be , and then we 're going to talk about why this is important .
but i think , if the magician had been produced by oz today , the magician said , " dorhy , you 're the mother of oz , who was once prophetime .
here 's the olive oil gang .
both of these cases were called me wondering .
so we used nasasography data to make a map of the landscape to see through light change .
when i went up to the court , there was an older , black man , the janny guy in the court .
and that 's how it was .
and that 's what i want to look at at at at at this at the time scale of life of the earth .
and i started with this contract . the transmission was , " contract , my poor , 14-year-old black managers like a privileged , white ,  ⁇ 5-year-old top manager . "
twenty-five years of civil war , the road map completely broke the best movement .
in fact , we redefined poverty .
let 's talk about water wars .
it turns out that he 's a street cascular infection .
this idea was designed at stanford university of carol dwe , and it 's convinced that the ability to learn is not stated , but that it can change with their approach .
and they found a paper with wrong thought , they could detect the creator of this thought .
these little oilrots were the most primitive cells in the sense .
i think that 's interesting .
and then he flies to the ear .
i raised myself to the leader of the actor , i wine hysterical , as if someone shot my cat , and she said , " why she said , " i 'm afraid that i wouldn 't get the stunts . "
she married a man who 's consciously chosen it .
so the question i have for you all here is , if it 's the big , important things that we have to do together , all of us will be a lot of voices , or will we be a lot of hands ?
and so i started to spend 15 to 20 minutes each morning before i sat down with my newspaper , somewhat committed to learn .
i got into the car , and i was really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .
did you see these guys ?
and there are hundreds of them .
i combined it with my earlier songs , but it was a little different , because when the camera was actually the process , in fact , in the plan .
now , the threshold of your apartment is going to come in your apartment , your flight , or whatever is on the other side of your apartment , and enjoy how the light breaks in the room .
in this country , there are a child 's life sentence in this country , and there 's no need for a demand .
you can do good as a doctor . you can do good . you can do more .
and that really stuck with me .
" a pale blue dot . "
so each triggers was slightly different .
so what happened with emma ?
but it could also be used to get people from their chairs , and they 're going to get them to play together in common to control their health better .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day , and the movement of our grandmother in the house .
wealth , not debt , affect the result .
but these mugles are hard to find .
you also saw danny little evolutionary example of where he showed you a little evolution in the con revolution , right in your eyes .
you 've seen this audience , this community , this open wish , and you 've heard , help you and you do something .
i looked in the laughter , and it was a little bit pink .
it works very simple : every time i go to the image , it 's going to send my data to google health .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on our humanity .
so you look at the general attitude of people when they ask you certain questions .
and i realized that this kind of harmless neglected neglect was a serious problem with real consequences . nicha only for alex and love life , but for the careers , and family , and all the people in the 20s .
a sun with the origin of the origin is , " japan . "
and give back-to-gregated cliffs to my survey .
and that was an example of what our own governments are using technology against us , citizens ,
my brother said , " well , let 's do that . you 're going to do anything else we do .
and when swann ⁇ s got this eggshot , suddenly on the door , and the servants of his loved ones , he defies this behavior .
they didn 't give up the government .
i 've now been enough from my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is interrupted , but not the way you do it .
it was called the automatic stone .
they 're relationships between trustworthy people , and that 's estimate , when and whether the other trustworthy is .
when did you hear the last time about someone 's missing mission proposal mission missing mission ?
you should also want them to be the wish .
and the waste itself is filled with giants that fall down from the trash and horrific messages .
with his family and friends , he bought 10 motorcycle and he dreams of being business at some point in the next three years , and he 's going to spend some time on a hundred years .
and there was my chance , and i had failed them , and i knew that the store never again .
i went through the emergency room on my way home .
it also shows up in other places of the book .
what immense , even though , creativity . right ?
thank you very much .
unlike the old-growing processor , their existence , i was completely unknown , there was no idea in fotocycracy .
on the y-axis , there 's a couple of good things : biodiversity , number of orca , the green of your country , the water supply .
even a fragile dream can fulfill that purpose .
fantasy books have always been maps , but these maps were static .
i told you about four techniques that are the problem of decision-making mills -- they 're going to be confronted by the superfluous alternatives ; they 're going to do it ; they 're going to kate -- we can do better with more categories , less categories ; to preparate , to complexity .
the neflix key is a means that we can do something very important , and i 'm going to talk to the vessels here .
what 's this new state that 's slowly adopted to the world ?
and so i think that the ted community should be brave bravery .
if we wanted to travel in the back then , we put it in a car and we swirl across the sky .
the united states of america are the only country in the world that convicted the age of 10 year-old children to death .
it 's freday , fiday . god downtown on friday . eveyby 's locard for the west , west . fiday friday . 't ft . ft fay . on frieday . you wouldn 't think we 'd have this conversation without talking about this video .
put the fire under two trees , it means " burn . "
no .
we don 't decide to decide , even though it 's going to be our own best interests .
on the day after 9  ⁇  11 , i heard the donuna of a trash car on the street , my little son and down the stairs and there was a man who drove his paper-crey routes , like he was doing every wooh .
it can know where we are .
he started a landscape garden with flowers .
and the site is visible , it 's kind of like , brown . we use infrared , and we 're processing it with false paint , and that 's going to suddenly be bright .
a chinese scholarser understands about 20,000 scripts .
it was a lot of going on , and i was in eile .
he waited .
this reverse is going to suggest that money will invest in more security and security .
and i kept working on working on it .
what you learn in math seventh grade  ⁇ th grade is really hard : rational numbers , decial numbers , the area of a parallelogram .
and these scientists just have documented the different themes that these ceo have been engaged , and how much time they spent making decisions that are linked to the issues .
when i asked my daughter , who was your favorite character in " star wars , " you know what she said ?
this is a generation that grew up with this , and you know , your voice is a very obvious thing to see .
i grew up in taiwan as a daughter of a kalligraph . i think , in my most beautiful memories , like my mother , the beauty of the shape of the chinese character .
and that 's exactly where the launch can make a little bit of a change that can make the difference if you 're going to go to alaska or in fiji .
i got my mother , so i said , " oh , grandma , i 'm going to do that . "
and the fish also had the lucky thing to be there .
one way that 's particularly interesting is , and what i 've used a lot of time in the last time is evolution itself .
we forget how rough his vision was .
this new thing , this new person , to the promise , mostly comes from outside of your own environment .
so in other words , the future has shrunk every year since i 've been in this world .
slowly , it made it , but it made it safe .
these young companies have a huge impact on their cities .
last month , i went to madian trails , and i went to madina hospital , hospital , where i was born .
and this previously predator on the roof , collecting the water back to the sanitation .
the trustworthiness of people can appreciate .
this is wiladimira tssa 's dsin from tartu in eustland .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this willingness , but not in this country .
and within a year , you 're going to run a hypocrothe , and then you start with the giant fish .
it 's just recently a horn in the mid-call . you see , you turn the circles on the search for a park square and what you see ?
they have to make 62 different decisions to make their car completely .
people say kids are cruel , but as a child or adults , they 're never going to be funny .
you know when you can expect them .
there 's no short-term limitation for technology and design that allows us to be fully human , as long as we don 't have eyes and ears for poverty , exclusion and inequality .
and again , only a tiny little bit of a little bit of a sudden , it 's been looking at thousands of times and cultural .
by talking to all the people , and it 's a leader .
it became a golden access to a world of pirates and complaints and ships and images in my mind .
i didn 't know how to use the best .
so the people who are going to decide that the more capable of them have to be able to do that , the more opportunities they have to do , the more they 're going to take it and they 're going to pick it and fund .
because i 've experienced it when i was a lagoon in west africa in 19 ⁇ 1 .
the moon .
so what i want to suggest is , today , i want to suggest , is four simple techniques -- techniques that we 've been doing in various different types of research , and they can just use in their business .
ef : i don 't know that 's bad .
no . i think he 's trying to tell us that eggs is looking for us something about ourselves .
today , we can now prove to dozens of companies that have done this .
thank you .
and even when he went out of the door , he showed up on his laughter .
and at the time , we 're focusing on the big animals and the oceans , and that 's the big fish .
one is called jazz , and the other is called " swing . "
it 's not easy . you have to appreciate it . simple reactions or post-confits .
and the interesting thing here is that this slide , like some of us , which we often do , in our field , are a kind of si-logarithmic curve .
first , these buildings are almost empty because they 're very large stores that people can 't afford to buy things .
but eventually , trust is characterized by that , there 's a different one .
he lives in a small village in the south asia .
and she said the three words : do you remember ?
the rest of the day , i had this night of my stomach feeling in my stomach .
it 's not about the details of the slide , but rather the general form .
here 's a description of the road .
we lose them .
now i can stand up on the head .
they make more bad decisions -- bad financial and bad medical decisions .
so in the 20s , you should be on footprints about your body and your own possibilities .
the first steps of history that i told you about , a billion years of a year .
but i don 't know if these concepts aren 't possible . i was convinced that all my students could learn the stuff when they work long and hard enough .
i also think that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not enough .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely inevitable .
he says , " there are scientific studies with real intellectual value . "
but i 'm going to ask you a question .
thank you very much .
but instead , i stayed a glorified furniture that was only on the back of the head , and i realized that casting-director no locking , ethnic , disabled , actor .
so for example , an organism could learn to eat a particular fruit because it was badly tasting and making it sick , the last time he eated it .
so some people imagine hollywood .
if there was an olympics of oppression , i would get a gold medal .
she 's going to touch them deeply .
so how does that work ?
new things are made up of something like this . " weak binnests , " so from friends of friends .
who 's going to wake up ?
if you take the standard choice at decision , that means you 're going to be over , the most hotest thing , i 'm going to lose you .
and these people know something that we 've lost from the eyes .
it was the fear of terror , which shape their life .
we 've been building a website and we asked a human race , " if you see an ae , please share with us where he 's up , " because sometimes he 's closed during business , of course .
you know , it was a trick , right ?
and he showed up the bus ladies of tourists who came every day and used to get their cameras .
and that was about 15 or 20 minutes . and she got up and she came over to me . she took me over the hand and said , " come , ted , brany . and i 'll talk . "
the only country in the world .
and basically , the concrete building blocks of our time .
so to get a realistic outcome , so it 's going on out of me .
this is what happens . i saw it , and yet i see it pretty rarely rarely in the movies we know and love .
but i like emergency planes .
he had uploaded a lot of natural videos .
that we 're not completely designed as humans , as long as we don 't care about human rights and basic resources .
what are you going to consume ? what are you going to be desired ?
we live in today 's time and we take our kids in a kind of spectacular child-fantie industrial engineer .
keep it in mind when the communist chamber of the communists in saigon eyes , as it has to be , that his life had been a single waste .
i got a puncture title because i didn 't run on the wheel , but there 's a lot of disabilities that don 't keep you on the wheel .
diginotar is a full-fall certificate from the netherlands -- or , or it was .
unlike the one-to-mannight conversation of the 20th century , the participation of the community is to become part of this phenomenon -- either by spreading it or making something new .
sometimes i 'm going too much .
and then these beautiful buttons inspired me to the clothi-hopian women .
my internal stipper was very strong , and as a -- yeah . so , the first day i went to the kindergarten like a champion that had a lot of abuse .
over the next 15 years , i learned new script every day .
it 's a total of lack of mistakes .
the press is talking about the newspaper advertising of adults .
because your life depended on whether you 're doing the job right .
baker smells well when they come home from work .
i kept on hold of it .
this is a place called a rich culture and tradition .
and one of them thought he had to have pinpoints .
these people represent several trillions that will flow into the global economy .
his life has a sense .
i go to the study of the prison and visit a manda that may be 13 or 14 years old , and the adult is supposed to stand up .
it 's kind of got time to find yourself english and i.t. equaliations .
but web videos have allowed us to all of our creative activities to be a crazy thing to be in a part of our culture of our world .
so the dramatic high numbers come in the prison .
but " the magician from oz " was different .
he was the proposition for dustin duman 's character in the movie " rain man . "
they 're motivated by something else -- protein , like , an opinion , or through your audience .
the most beautiful thing is , as you start to understand the electronics that you 're in the day , and you don 't learn in school .
what i want to share with you today is how we used satellite data to find an old-gyptian city that 's carrying the name i.ji and for thousands of years .
i think that 's what we have to change .
over the last three decades , the crime rate of america has been immune .
four years ago , ray branch brutz and i started a new university at ted called singularity university .
as a young lawyer , i have the great privilege of meeting rosa parks .
if we can put these discourages , we 're going to start to put them together .
we know that the brain is going to take two and last big grows in the 20s and digest them , and we know what 's going on for adult age , which means that whatever you want to change you want to now , the time you 're going to do that .
this is the kind of building that we 're going to have to tell you , my team and my team and i 'm an example of what we should design .
the idea behind littlebits is that it 's a growing library .
i 'm speaking kids .
and it connects all together to something that 's much bigger , and also capable of going on faster than we 've been .
so we 're going to take something very complicated , turn it into sound , and we 're going to make a sequence of sound , and we 're making something very complicated in the heads of others .
and we 're not going to improve government until we improve the state office .
if you don 't feel better now , i don 't know .
they 're going to shoot the decision -- they 're going to shoot them , even when they 're on their own .
not just all dead , their bodies are dissent on the unknown .
it 's a kind of social network of digital collection of photos that you actually took .
their clothes cover only the most common thing , and they sing " hit mey one mouse times , " as they dance on your living room .
every day , parents ask me and teachers , " how do we support this by the ability of the kids ? "
i work in the solar engineering industry .
and that made me think .
the goal is more trustworthiness , and that 's going to be difficult if we want to be trustworthy and to communicate that to others , and if we want to estimate , whether other people , or whether other people , politicians , trustworthiness .
i trust that my most vulnerable friend is going to keep a conversation on the run , but maybe not to say that they 're a secret .
he said , " well , what 's going on with you ? well , drink . "
because i think to really understand this , we have to go back and look at the thing for a longer period of time .
imagine you know , a completely crazy thing , and you get a story with an awful lot of images , and you remember that you 're just going to talk about this deadly competition .
i got that , and i thought to myself .
because that was cheaper , she lived with her friend who kept his own textile , more than his ambition .
we know exactly where all the money at maastro is around .
i gave her medicine that we call diuretics , water tables so that they decided to choose the fluidity .
i never really came to the point that china doesn 't have to be in the middle of the world .
diginotar is a certification stone .
let me show you an example of what i mean .
you mean , we 're going to get the  ⁇ 0 percent of mobile phones in the developing world until the end of 2013 .
this is the work of a very clever people in the office of new urban machinery in boston .
thank you very much .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
and i came back to read a whole paperback from reading memory , treating 2,000 years ago and more at age in latin and later in the middle ages .
my grandfather was in the jail of the prohibition .
it also has this idea of public space that uses the outside of the space to create activity .
and then , i was also in our first ethiopia , really , from the old market with this freely infrastructure , where thousands of people go and buy , every day , little traders .
they changed our cultural changes , and i would argue that they 've also changed us cognitively .
56 percent of rape accidents don 't come from court .
i 'm recommending it all . he 's on the internet .
you know how many decisions you make in a typical week ?
and i 've learned something really cool about work with wholberman : all the people on the internet are dirt .
this is one of the few times that we see wood in his stories , and i think this little scene is very moving , but also mysterious . right ?
and it 's very obvious that this is going to be even worse .
and trust us , do we trust a blind government , any government , that we might have in five years ?
if there 's a band in our family , it 's going through the women .
and third , her image has nothing to do with africa and ethiopia .
today , less than two percent of the energy consumption of the earth from advanced , renewable sources , like solar , and wind and biofuels , less than two percent , and the reason is in economic .
and maybe i 'm a long time in business , and i 'm a long enough time when i can give up a piece of my own false pirate to make this happen .
we take them , we forget them , because we know there are people on the other side that care about it .
agencies realized the opportunity and he realized it .
he 's actually the first florist , the maduchu has been seen for 22 years before mohamed , you used artificial strikes to come out of the ship when you wanted flowers to have their wedding .
and i learned in my little dakhstubst in swedsters at the toronto hostal hospital , unwide from here .
right , bryan , the judge has magic forces .
it 's a game called the slide .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and i sent him to him .
so , pull them off and start to invent them .
we put a little box of the store right at the entrance .
they 're a inspiring personality .
this is a procastination .
they 're more likely to decide for things that they 're less satisfied , even if they 're doing it objective .
so what can three billion grow , healthy , built , productive members of the human community ?
how about a sentence of new voices before .
but let 's see what we 've been doing over the last century so that we can predict the evolution of this .
designers can use their ideas so directly in 3d materials and surgeons to virtual organ organs under the screen .
i never could imagine that .
why is there so much power -- big , m , power -- in the movies that there are for our kids , and so few yellow bricks ?
and it 's going to allow people to measure their blood pressure from home to send it to their doctor and share it with others , for example , for a little more than 100 dollars .
they 're going to grow up to five centimeters .
good memory is contracted .
because at that point , a individual -- now , within the time of life , a single organism , instead of this evolutionary time period .
i just have a average memory .
and that would remind you of to imagine your friend edok .
this is a lot of views .
we had a team that was working on a project in boston last year that took three people two and a half months .
but what i know is that you don 't have talent alone .
and then i did .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
we have tools available like " girls " and " and we hope that 's going to help , but i 'm also wondering if girls are going to protect them when we 're going to be doing the same time , or passively , our sons , our sons , " their virgins . "
and the trashed the trash on the page . went home .
okay , so a couple more .
from the people who stayed when it was 24 , only three percent actually bought a glass mary .
without supporting your husband , she was worried about a sensation by getting it in court and applied in your own case , and a bigger sensation than she won .
you know , your family , you know , you know , you know , and you want to look at what you want , and not because it works , or anyone with the time toy , you 're looking for the time .
i don 't know .
i 'm going to describe you a study that i 'm going to talk to guberman , emirerica , jangovena , where we 're going to have the choices of the rigid for the rats of almost a million americans , about 650 plans in all the united states .
in our own countries , we wouldn 't do that .
" risk " is not a simple game .
in 2003 , my brother started from another mother and father , dean oddah , and i started with the new yorker arabic-day american comedy festival , which now celebrates his 10-year-old .
i think the whole picture is going to make sense if you subdivided it into some billion steps .
and gary said that he 'd be willing to offer all the people in this audience to offer a space-definive pay vacation to the most beautiful roads in the world .
no jealousy , no prosthet . i know it 's been in fashion to say that prostein has all the answers , but in puno eggs , he really has this .
nobody there to teach me something ? well .
we tried to predict what cat would be on the troops and they wouldn 't be .
i got to play in a movie with adam sandler and i with my idol , the wonderful dave matthews .
i felt really good .
phone , computer , computer , video-based , cd-roms and so on , all of our specialized mechanisms that we 've built in our community to handle that information .
but so many people got aid for years .
in fact , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i ever could have written by hand .
and i just mean , how fast we 're used to do this today .
hello tedwomen , what 's going on ?
the adults didn 't think it was really serious to me .
and i thought , that 's going to be so hard , so painful .
you 're going to rub the shopkek , and you 're going to drop it in the mouth .
that 's because the government of the ocean as well as another ocean , and politics are the top 15cm .
his so-called peace park is created when he 's created , the way people view the city .
i think the claim , the goal and the job of wrong ideas .
it was a zacophobiac .
does it smile too much or stiff at you to a man ?
a couple of weeks ago , we took the risk to risd , and they gave some designers who had no technical experience -- just cartoon , and paper -- and they said , " what does it do ? "
what do you do with certificates ?
and over time it changes . it changes , because for the people , of course , their actions are very natural .
now , we all use , or many of us , gma or one of their competitors . but these are very common in totalitarian states like iran , whereas the dutch disorder , like gailers , because you know that they can trust more than local government , and they 're in the local communities , and they 're so they can 't intervene in their local communities .
and i 'm from jersey where it 's really important to be chic , so if my friend were to say , i 'm going to be a little bit of a good , i 'm going to be .
and finally , a society is not measured by how they treat their rich and powerful and privileged , but by how they deal with the poor , the judges , the ingments .
and that 's what things are going to be in memory .
it 's a little bit of a promisesion of creating the economic opportunities that you 're looking for .
you might have some courage to come up .
and yet there 's this mental discouraging .
we should pray for them . "
a tree is for a tree . two trees are together for a woods .
we live in a " eggs-fifer-profit time . "
each of these techniques that i 'm going to describe to you today is to help you manage the possibilities -- well for you , you can use them for yourself , well for the people you offer service .
half the customer is going to be driven by the many of the opportunities 56 car bombs to the possibilities , four .
it was a bunch of guys and a few ladies , from very different age and hygiard .
i was broken down on the ground .
because the everglier we are , the more it 's going to make us look .
i think it shouldn 't be , because a lot of the movie -- i don 't know if you saw it -- but a lot of the movie is in a message in which men and women hide in the garden .
and the old saying , " if it 's blunt , the demand is very true . "
so let 's start to leave on computers , for a process which is very different from the classical engineering .
and it was my contract when the emergency room cardiovascular advice was looking at the emergency room .
another idea that fascinated me as a child is that a whole galaxy can be stuck in a single melorm .
" knowledge to share , the biggest profession is .
when i was in the first grade , the government wanted to send me to athletes , all the most uncertain .
and so , this is simonic designing something that we all know in intuitively that we know that no matter how bad we 're going to be able to remember , phone numbers , or we can remember , or we can see some remarkable instructions of our colleagues , we have a very visual and rumatic memory .
thank you very much .
people with disabilities are the biggest minority in the world , and we are the most underpretering in the entertainment business .
we sat down and we made a bristor-storming solutions for the biggest challenges of their city .
and that 's going to be used by these little , colorful glasses that use the light from the building to light up the building to light the building at night .
consider two things about this curve .
what i do instead , and what i do is , what do the designer of thin machinery , is we think of a certain abstract function , that machine , and the power of this machine , and that does something that will increase our capabilities , and faster than we could ever do it .
the problem is that memory competition is totally evaluated .
how do you turn it , or where the " we might be , who 's in the back of us ?
if i 'm going to show you 600 magazines , and you 're going to put them in 10 categories or i 'm going to show you 400 magazines , and those 20 categories , then you think i 've given you a number of selection and a better chance of having given you as i gave you the mundane , if i had given you 600 .
this growth-oriented posture is a great idea for the construction of content .
they carry in many cities in many cities .
okay . thank you very much .
oh my god . oh my god .
we know that the first 10 years of a profession is going to have an exponential impact on how much money you 're going to earn .
no eggshore jet , no " no adventure of 100 night . "
" nyan cat " is animation and music in endlessly .
i personally think it 's easier to create a place , as a place , because you don 't have to have to go and get a tradeoff out there with ideas in your head .
thank you .
and there was another nurse , not the sister , who had seen the wife , but another three words to me and those three words for most of the emergency doctors i know .
what happened on that day ?
that we have to connect our visions of technology and design , of entertainment and creativity with humanity , with pity and justice .
" moneyball " appears soon , and it 's about statistics and use them to make a great baseball team .
but what happens to " citizens connectcet "
because we live on a water plane .
she took me out and she said , " bran , i 'm going to tell you something , but you have to promise you don 't have to keep it going . "
and we 're going to bring them back , in a contemporary history of children .
for most of the human history , we couldn 't move faster than a horse or a boat , with segabilts , but in 1969 , the manhood of apollo 10 at 10 kilometers per hour .
there was a time when people invested in their memory , they were allowed to be on their own .
so , as a way , the people who were measuring their members 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians , still consumed .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get citizens to pure the mindsets of gould .
and i started to illustrate books with 16 books .
i can 't give the fourth of the world , even though i 'd like to do it for days .
she grew up at a time in the confucianism , the social norm and local mandarin was the most important person .
maybe it still needs a village to raise a child well .
put a mouth up there , and it means " iiotically . "
difficult problems are difficult .
but in a certain kind of a kind of combined , you can create something that still looks three-dimensional than it could exist .
i don 't like to call myself the first one , but i know you 've never heard of the bad guys that women aren 't funny , and they find us weird .
take two programs , and they produce kids by the exchange of their subrogers , and the kids deserve the traits of the subrogic drugs of the subrogineers .
if someone lies , it 's not just a lie .
but still , we seem to be satisfied with it .
so to accelerate the blink or slow down , just turn it on this button , and he 's doing the impulse or slow .
in some sense , what we don 't really understand , these trunks have the ability to learn to do information .
and suddenly it 's just to admit that genius that he 's prevented to him .
a lot of people don 't walk with cp , but my parents didn 't believe in " can 't . "
and so many of these systems have the opposite effects .
but more importantly , this app is that you represent a new generation that is packed up the problem of government -- not as the problem of a linked institution , but as a problem of collective action .
and then , as a woman called carr , and she said , " hey , mr. park comes to town . we want to stop .
they were built up .
to do this big project , the biggest project i 'd ever designed , i really had to understand the city , but also the environment , tradition and culture .
try to fulfill this premium .
and there are projects like this on every level of government .
and i think that our current punishment philosophy doesn 't help anyone .
the program is called code for america , and it 's a little bit like the peace corps for geeky .
the english term " topic sence , " a topic of the word " comes from the greek word " topos , " which means " sit . "
the bible is interesting , but weird .
a couple of days later , we went to a buddhist temple in footage , and we sat around their sars .
and this game was played by university professors and so on .
what about the people who don 't do that , because they don 't have access -- the middle world , for instance ?
but they don 't solve the big problems of humanity .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and because it was late , and i couldn 't think anymore , i started working on a contract .
a long time ago , there were gray whales -- 500 years ago .
" human . "
and in this case , it looked a neighbor .
effective , we 've turned out the gravity and control the movement by combining magnetic levitation , mechanical engineering and this customer technologies .
and every year , we ask students to create businesses and services that can be positive in a decade , the life of people 's lives of people floods .
and they can do that by doing this , but also by crowdsourcing .
he 's there , but he 's not just as present , and as you think , and days where it 's really bad , you 're going to get a right .
so i set up to find another profession .
if you had a prisoner of prison , my sister and i would have drowned them , and then my grandmother would drink .
what happened ?
and if you look at google textphone on google , you have more access to knowledge and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
but youtube , more than 48 hours of video per minute .
sometimes , deeply challenged problems that are technically delicious , but not so .
armstrong and alrin , alone , but their present on the gray surface was the high point of a superior to a superior , communal meeting .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
in the last few years , i 've been wondering how i can embrace these walls so that anyone who has interested in this complex language , and they also learn how to value .
opinion polls -- yeah -- opinions .
narrator : bin laden death takes an increased risk of dangling .
and when i listened to her , she made kuddy sound .
let me show you how they work .
and you know the lady about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
he doesn 't stop being able to get up .
i want to change what people do in the 20s and think .
do you trust fish traders ?
some of my friends are compensated and honestly , i wouldn 't let them graduate , because they 're compelling .
baker wear ods carrying white mites .
i was a gastle in the newscaster " code with whiped out olberman . "
my grandmother was strong , but she was also very loveful .
the goal is to trust more .
it 's this head-heart connection that i think is driving us , not just being open for all the waves and the things , but also for the dark and the problem .
but what they really do is to show what 's possible with technology today .
i finished my mission , and i went to the girl .
there was a meeting at the ordinary voice , and there was a quiet voice saying , " i 'm going to go out of your way . "
something that 's going on in me .
where are the people in the 20s here ?
and here at ted to be , to see and listen to how stimulating that is , i 've given a lot of power .
i just switched in a hotel room in sydney when she died . 1,000 kilometers away from melbourne .
the abolo 1 ⁇ th , and my mother was not very much looking at me in the feasy from saturn v-v rocket .
the process is going to feed itself , and so i think , car-catical is the word -- if something is going to be amplified , you know , it 's a little bit like that , you know , it 's going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a way of your speed .
to give you an example of what 's going on in the most extreme cases , we can create a program that 's coming out of random instructions .
and although there 's an enormous amount of techniques to combat into these competitions , all these techniques are based on the idea of the psychologists called elaborate envy .
the out-of-the-ball , something happened with our ability to solve big problems with technology , " has become a plattical tape .
that 's kind of it .
but that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , then trust .
i thought about it .
in silicon valley , you say , the markets would be debt , specifically the premiums , which are the risk-a-lerated companies .
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
 ⁇ 0 percent don 't have jobs , don 't go to school .
my third little story is about my middle school in the introduction of the bad networking ice in southeast asia .
it 's also like a kind of breathing or circulation .
after the statistics of the department of the worker at stadiggy , under the 10 most dangerous jobs in the country . and i learned why .
the united states today has the highest incarceration of the world .
and if you think about it , you know , you know , there 's a three-hour version that 's been looking at four million times .
last month , this has published a study that shows that up to the end of this decade in the sunny sunsen , 6 cents per cow , compared to 15 cents in national average .
they had 250 different types of senses and it 's been designed and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and vegetables and more than two dozen different species -- and that was at a time when we actually got to drink the water .
we have to say that snowan and prototype is nested eggs .
but there was an interesting and many different distinctive difference between the brain of a memory champion and the control of the controls that it was compared to .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
and i have to say , there was power to me .
i had to say it 's amazing that it 's fun .
this is edd doc , a guy who came from england and has one of the most informed memoryings there .
he wasn 't invited to this chinter . he was too young .
they started to train specialists within the community , special structures , which were responsible for learning , understanding and capturing the information .
he wants to create a place where families and young people come together and say , the beautiful things that can enjoy life .
second , they need a lot of energy because the surfaces are made of glass , which is what 's inside , and then you need a lot of cooling .
but you know what ?
it 's not just " code for america , " fowells , there are hundreds of people across the country writing up and the government apps every day in their own communities .
what does the jealousy look for ?
i thought i could integrate myself .
now look at this curve .
so 90 percent of our catch were weaks , other animals that are connected to the bottom .
a couple of years ago , a group at university college london brought a group of memoryists into the lab .
if somebody takes something that doesn 't hear it , it 's not just one .
you want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i 've been doing . "
and the humility , the loss -- that 's the way to the wisdom .
and does any other sense of self-sufficiency , our hidden ambitious ambitious honor and engage us ?
she had the last word in every family effort .
you can google that , but it 's not a function of the route , but the top respondent tweaks and causes the conclusion of the respiratory .
we 're going to bring our students all these technologies to be specific focus on how these are used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
this is like a high-perchekill pipe in the ice , not just the shining , the climate change , you 're looking for layers , the human evidence of the human claim .
and then the leslists of the user schools that we lose , " go , " hell and " the big " gateby " , " " " " " " " " letters , " madame boyvary , " " " " " and " anna karenina . "
it was always so inspiring , so beatening .
and yet , here in this country , in the elderly south , we 're going to take people -- here 's the risk of being sent to death , 11 times , if the victims is white , if it 's black , 22 times higher , if the black and black victims -- and that 's white -- in the same state of the same state , the same dying of the gay , the earth .
there 's all the neighbors going up and getting together and doing things like a 2-mile-foot-low , and there 's a building going on to the other day .
if i go into a room -- like now , i have no idea what you 're thinking about me .
i learned this from my grandmother .
and that 's why , for example , the rural fluidity grows to antibiotics .
can i give you a bug in your life that 's mulling every wave that 's unrestricted , controlled tucks of the engine , the wisdom of the horizon that doesn 't even guarantee anything ?
on the left is the " lady . "
so i talked about teenagelessness and education , and the neglected martin 's disease and the dedicated .
they just need 1,000 circuits for a simple typeface .
i 'm always amazed by a glass in a glass , i 'm always upright .
and even more exciting than just what we have in the computer right now , materialize , it 's to imagine how the programming of the world is even going to change our daily activities .
i brought together about 90 little boy as much leaders .
child mortality has reduced by a decade .
there were tuned by about 20 centimeters , black-minute breakers , one under the bunkyard .
michael j. nelson from mystery science theater was one first , who was doing a joke on twitter .
i was shocked and i was shocked to the inside .
we 've all been training tools to do this incredible memory artwork . techniques that have invented 500 years ago . the greeks who have invented the greeks , the same techniques that cicians used to learn from their speeches , and learn how to learn the middle classroom tools to learn to learn books . "
i wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of the life of an unknown location -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters who have been closed every day as they 've been telling each other by telling each other stories of their day and slept , and we 're still in the same bed .
it 's the entrepreneur , and i think entrepreneur has the most effective means of " witockod " can be .
until -- as many of you think of -- this year , as you finally get the movie " merida -- put out lying out the highlands . "
the only problem with that was she had 10 children .
they had 348 different kinds of mary mard .
it was a remarkable privilege and an exciting experience .
it 's more , then two " leaning " and three people . "
but it 's this kind of contempt , the thing that we own , and for those of us , and it 's something that lets us work , and then we 're going to take it , and we 're going to get ourselves .
and the eggs are actually going to make us more inventive .
the sun .
i 'm not a robot ; i don 't always do things the same .
prosthes would have to leave the country if you want to have to finish with him .
napoleon soldiers received silver tucks , napoleon himself got gold-beck .
this person looks like the door . " flight , "
i saw the little hut on a cliff , and i looked over a crystal clar , beautiful lake when i was something horrific .
but wait , this is really my favorite project .
and how many people thought , i 'm going to be mainly about choosing people into a career .
because you 're doing this , if you call yosite mountain .
because something woodening has lost in some sense .
and not even like a technical company , but rather like the internet itself .
the novel is very good , like eggs , is looking at us in the middle of the intensive , but not just looking at it .
so they either lived together , or they went down . that meant that if a community succeededed , all the individuals of the community were repeated and previously before the evolution .
open your mouth as far as possible until it 's quadratic .
you know , you know , as a vulnerable , that 's a very good suggestion that you trustworthy , and you 're going to shake your own beliefs .
most of our ideas were crazy , but it was a few brilliant guys doing this , and we got the breakthrough .
and yet 46 percent of all the killing codes don 't deal with a gentleman .
i started to talk to some of you .
and i tried to thank him for his work -- this day of day , but i started crying .
in fact , the recipe for us , which is our genes , from the exact same code , and the same type .
we love innovation .
16 termwatts of energy all 88 minutes on the surface of the earth .
so she had a good excuse to carry a glitzing clothes and to get a magic wizard .
this year , we celebrate the 200th . juxteencies of his masterpieces , " looking for lost time and his green analysis of sexual jewish eggs and the normal contest , my thing that we can have hope .
well , there 's a big difference between these two movies , even several major differences between " the magician of oz " and all the movies that we 're looking like this today .
we worked up until late at night .
thank you very much .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
you heard it before , but it never happened before , but it was never true today that it 's less .
if you ask someone , " when did you look at the last sperm ? " the answer was of many , many people who grew up in the civil war , " never . "
i even knew the more differential diagnosis to classify rental tubular azac ais .
you know , the best thing about daddy is for me , the films i can look at .
i think that 's a really important thing to do .
i found that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
remember what the critics said when " mera " mera " came out ?
this is what the graph looked like .
but my dream was to become a chinese opera singer .
so now i have a new generation of programs that were made by combinations of programs that have come to the pre-sized , than others .
remember when carl sagan gave the voyager vehicle in 1990 , when it was passed by saturn , back to the ground , back to the earth ?
as a protocort and gamble , the various hedad and shoulder species of 26 to 156 , they experienced a increase in the sales of the sale by 10 percent .
so in these plans , we had about 65 ⁇  plans that people put anything between two to 59 different bonds .
and in addition , we chosen some strategic points of evidence of the idea of these tores , and they connected to straight lines , and that changed the original pattern .
and she 's a 25 ⁇  .
you know what i 'm talking about , right ?
how do i think it 's motivated for distance ? "
that means that the player is safer three of 10 beats .
and on this curve , on the back of moore 's law , we find a bunch of extraordinary technologies that are available to all of us .
and then i started my research on stadiggy and met the man again .
i think that 's fascinating .
no , the reasons why we can 't solve big problems is more complicated and deeper .
okay .
and she said , " the last thing you have to promise me is you never get alcohol . "
so for example , choreographies can be taught over remote distance or michael jordans ' rooter , and again , again , in the real world .
it turns out that we can actually deal with more information than we think , we just have to simplify them .
so we 're going to lay a pattern about this , and that 's sure that most of the apartments are perfectly in this direction .
this area is huge -- the area is about four times three miles .
the people i grew up with didn 't have any problem with my faith .
they just put perfect people in the perfect place .
i 've been working on broadway .
these are the aparas .
for a year .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room and stood up at me .
we challenge teams around the world , we challenge all these technologies to connect in a cell phone so that you can talk to the device because it 's with kieroids , you can test it in , or you can test it in your blood wedding .
at the end , he 's underneath a tenth-andedge from mogadic .
mr. jain himself is on free foot , the content idol .
so here 's me with my standard memory competition .
i 'd like to be less tasks that i 'm saying in my son , " go ahead and fight alone , " and more tasks , and more tasks that he 's going to join a team that 's being conducted by a team that 's being done by a woman to help other people , to be better people , and better people like the magician .
we 're in excellent society .
now , i 'm a optimist , so i think , kind of , i think , in the way that 's going to happen here .
and then tanzan 's mother here in the fourth or five fifth row .
both of these projects are in emerging economies , one in ethiopia and in tunisia .
do you trust politicians ? do you trust teachers ?
they had over  ⁇ 5 different kinds of olive oil , including those who were closed in boxes , who came from thousands of old olive trees .
and this video actually was already being sent in january .
but up to the end of apollo program , 24 people flew to the moon .
if i was really an egoist , i would have written it on a virus and release it into space .
we have to slow down the complexity of the complexity .
from the people who stayed when it was six , well , we now saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a glass mary .
but they 're going to do the job .
and every morning i 'm going to talk about it .
you just get it through accidents like the day i was born .
i 'm a human person . i make mistakes .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just consumers of government who are paying and receiving performance .
and to some other memory competition .
she said , " and what are you going to do when you 're here ? "
they 're the wisdom of public health .
and to my decision , i didn 't just write it , but i sent it to the court .
and the average of the ability is life like a marathon , not sprint .
other medicine also fears that , but the emergency medicine is especially special because we see the patients just sobering .
is it so obvious that eggs are reducing , reduced to person -- desires -- obstacles , such a fed factory for a story ?
they 'd never thought about it , really , to start a company .
and there are three fire that are all together .
cliffside park in new jersey is my hometown .
i 'm never going to forget that .
and so in the simple thing that we did , there was a increase in participation of 20 percent , and there was a increase in the number of people who were willing to save or a increase by four percent of the amount of money they were willing to pay for the savings account .
nobody can say who uses application was no one knows where to eat .
now , over the last decade , we 've seen three key negative consequences that we 've been looking at in the last decade of more and more choices with each other .
and i want to end by saying , well , i want to end up here , and that 's how far we are .
so first , i 've developed this tool that involves going into the digital world . so if you look at the screen , it 's turning the physical character into pixels .
imagine you have a blind dentication , and you get overwhelmed to a surgery , which is 400 in relation to blind tension .
these are matthew anderson , tarq al-dour and so on and so forth .
and then , as we don 't go on .
so we created some cost savings that we used to realize the project .
this is the sun with the origin , because japanese is eastern of china .
and it worked for a while until i met a woman printer .
and the motivation of online criminal are very easy to understand .
we 're going through the same level that we 've been doing , which has been through multicellorganisms -- the abstract methods of our methods , how we capture data , process .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
if a human is expanding its arms , then this person says , " it 's so big . "
the comparison reading is not really new .
there was an energy , there was an unbound optimism , a strange mix of the humility and the anger .
i felt really good .
if i was going to ask you in a room full of colleagues and to ask your so-called support , and start to tell you what i just told you , i would probably not be able to get the end of the story , before you really wouldn 't get it , somebody would make you a joke , and you would change the topic and forget the rest .
at that point , i also had a son .
and so this was completely surprising and humor , casey never got a funny idea and his argument five million times .
it 's the same information . it 's the same number of possibilities .
thank you very much .
there 's no public park in madu .
she was banned by these two people .
and the more open i talked about , the more i should tell you .
wr , people want to help people who were judged .
and while the pause came in a police officer that it bought that the househostorm was in the courtroom .
in my anatomy store , i learned the origins and outlines of every muscle , every two of the arteries , from the athletes , from the athletic path , whether acid and ordinary various differential diagnostics .
and over time , there 's little fish left , and we think that 's the norm .
and i think we 're all here , part of the creation of whatever comes next .
and that 's what 's been developed to find things , to find things , love for past and the archaeology .
and i went over and just stopped listening .
they 're rare because we 're going to catch them .
and the next moment you 're on a wavelength .
if you 're going to do it again and you never make the mistake .
so my recommendation , the only one i 'm going to give is to cameron , so he 's " avatar ii " underwater .
narrator six : social seduction . speaking  ⁇  : 65 dead .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
first of all , there 's very little violence in the " the magician . "
and because the government finally puts your power out of us -- remember , " we 're going to think of the people ? " -- how we think about it , is going to affect how this change happens .
while we wait for that , we still have the literature as a drum .
because it suggests that you should , and i trust you .
and we think that we want to think that this is one of the main problems , why everyone -- maybe most of the electronic health projects fail to say , because we stopped listening .
and sure enough , we can find fast food chains .
" you didn 't let them go . "
let 's call the animal tag , it costs a lot of money .
you know , he was here in 1835 .
this is technology-profit innovation that 's happening today .
so the question i want to ask is , and i 'm going to ask myself is , how is this new world going to be ?
these are the two characters in the movie that know more than everyone else and their knowledge of love to share with other people to help them out to their potential .
crisis . death . disaster .
but eventually i decided , my god , i have to go to the court and propose that crazy case .
there was another piece of puzzle .
investors have always been struggling to invest in technology like energy , which is a tremendous intellectual proper capital and development and long-term , and risk investors never financed technologies that don 't fund technologies that don 't have the big problems without critical care .
and so i sent it home to you , i got a little voice in me , trying to say , " goldman , no good idea . don 't do that . "
they also had to register a piece of paper from this typewriter .
but is that a good evidence ?
what is the illusion ?
and so a lot of these things are intompatible and how researchers now show fewer and stressful things all at the age of 30 .
i want to talk to you about the story of a small town .
what 's the difference ?
finally , free  ⁇  finally  ⁇ 
now , if you ask someone , do you trust megafirsters ?
as a child , i had collections of stickers , stones , pies , cigs and couchs .
stephen watts .
you can compare that to the beach , at the beach , you know , if you 're a little bit more than that .
we 're going to pick up .
and what 's important is that a person 's individual or a group of toastacters took a position point , and they shared a great audience , and they accelerate the process .
and over 10,000 apes were already been hit in the netherlands .
and the next piece of puzzle is about four women in three generations that are putting together a new life .
we have to let ourselves down to the machine of the government .
first of all , a claim : trust is strong in the background , a lot of faith .
so i went to the court .
as a narrator of the story and the audience , we know which details you have to hold the knife into the ribcage . right ?
i 've learned that memory , in every one of us , has incredible capacity .
it 's mainly explaining what 's wrong with silicon valley .
imagine you 're invited to give a talk here at ted , and you want to keep it from memory , just like cicero would have done it , and he would have been invited to tedxroommmet 2,000 years ago .
so if i wanted to tell this story , i had to be able to make myself happen .
as you can raise marriages , digital information will not just show us , but start to interact with us directly with us , as part of our physical environment without separating ourselves from our real world .
we forget how he 's innocent .
and she opened a computer business , and then she made a cosmetic training , and then he opened a business .
another one of his tactics was to let a dollar bill before my nose trees so i 'll start it .
i started maysoon 's kid 's , which is a charity that 's trying to give palestinian refugees to give the bridge to the chances that my parents gave me .
but it 's not going to be so fast .
what 's going on here ?
this is my wan-wage . it 's a very simple thing .
i 've learned very simple things in my work .
it 's not cartooning , it 's accessible .
architects can pour their models right up with their two hands and redes .
and one of the things that we did on the radio buddy version was to make a main listener .
and you add this buzz to an extra effect , and you made a noise machine .
i don 't remember the pirates that came across lots of times , but they were off of the death of men on our boat , or the failure of the engine that didn 't want to start six hours .
and yet , in our country , there 's a dynamic -- we don 't like to talk about our problems .
in social weak and black people are sharing despair and hopelessness , because of these changes .
i was a girl with cp .
and so , up to the ' 80s , he was fed in a big quiet .
if you work with somebody in the 20s , you love you because you lose your 20s , i want to see you -- okay , great people in the 20s , you know , you know , there 's really important .
but it requires a lot of planning .
but if something like this happens here , that changes the qualitative circumstances .
and ed said , " i 'm not a networking guy .
this was the only time my father ever saw a live bief of me , and i dedicated to think of this talk .
that means that eight of 10 choices , experiences and aerletes that are going to make your life , that 's what it is until mid-30 , have happened .
and that sums up all of that are miserable .
i remember thinking it was yesterday .
and the first thing i 'm asking is , " tell me how the possibilities of each other are different .
and because of that help , i was chosen in my last year of juruardian as a young australian in the year .
it 's going to be able to do with the flying fish through the beech .
we know nine cities , we know , planning to use these apps .
there 's a lot of good literature about the impact , the films on violent boys , and they should read them . they 're very good .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists who came up with my talk and said , " you know , it 's deeply disturbing , you know , you know , you know , you 're listening to that kind of stuff . "
three months later , i was moved , and i went on to the adventure .
the second largest predator of the ever-friended widget that we can see today is not motivated by money .
i didn 't know about emas , i didn 't know what the future of work looks like . but i know , identity capital creates identity capital .
how can we help you ? "
and we know that it 's just not going to make sense to try and look at the future for 30 or 50 years , because everything is going to be so different , that a simple calculation of what we 're doing now is not making sense .
and they 're going to store these , and they 're delete the rest .
in both cases , surgery got operated , and they were fine .
she reminded me that i was so old now as she was when we were the boat .
so , in some sense , we 're overwhelmingly overwhelming technology .
and most of all , i want to say that one of you who just see this , just saying , you don 't lose the goal . don 't give up .
let 's go to the 21st-1based street and ask for sherlock holmes .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes were just passed in the first five years of my colleagues , which is a lot of my colleagues , but is really more complete .
and that fact is often put in a context with the increased incarceration .
i got to ted because i think a lot of you have realized that the moral commute of the universe is widely swallowing , but it 's going to increase the justice .
there 's the blocks with humps , and in the geography , there 's all these connections for pedestrians .
the definition of malesness is already about changing .
we 're predicting that in 10 years , the quotes of honor , but the citizens will be as high as the preparation of the choices of the choices law .
it would be unsustainable .
this workanbed her , the reason for leaving her friend , who lived with her life .
my fourth engineering : prerequisite for complexity .
it says that .
students can use this to learn complex concepts like planets and physics , and rather than computer screens or textbooks , that 's a real and vulnerable experience that you can touch and feel , and it 's very powerful .
and if somebody else gets behind it , it means " follow . "
so what i 'm doing now is i 'm changing the order of the order of the choices that are going to appear in .
i 'm a journalist , i need to write something worth writing about .
when i went to the ground , the first step was to try to increase the streets to create the first 12 blocks , with similar size and properties like the barcelona and other european cities .
i didn 't learn this in my work by the way .
a government is absolutely necessary , but it has to be more efficient .
and here 's , " you know , you 're going to put your fingers on every light . "
they didn 't eat , they were throwing them away because they were dead .
one day , freud was taken by a very worst young man who was worried about the thought that his wife is concerned .
and we asked our colleagues around the world , from other universities , to help us to behave like nodes to see these asends all over the world to crowdsource these aseds .
i remember , as he told me he had a university degree , and he was unemployed , and the perfect goal was to be with al-shabaab and other terrorist organizations .
how do i get them away from that ? "
it didn 't get an i.ji , but we 're going to go back to that site to draw a map .
and there are lots of exceptions , and i 'm going to defend the disney princess of each of you .
in my birth town , maduic , suffering  ⁇ 0 percent of young people under unemployment .
it 's probably the smallest of the 21 apps that the furows last year .
and so , around that room , we put the idea of a market with little stores that are going on in every floor because of the form of the wheel .
imagine that this artificial intelligence has every cardiac computer phone calls available .
and finally , he says , " look , you can just open all the doors in your house and play very sounds of music and see if the livestock is going to look ? "
i say that because i believe that identity is very important .
but he was the second kid , and he was a lot less careful than his sister .
in a moment , wood is on another wavelength like leather .
i 'm really excited about this kid in me .
this is a way of doing it .
today , we have 20 arabs in the city , and they 're still all my family .
thank you .
we spent a afternoon working on the public books in salt lake city phone books . just amazingly ,
it wasn 't good , it was physical health , and it wasn 't iq .
it 's probably going to go for a year , but nothing .
and i think of this with eight years ago , but i also think about the story i 've heard in the news .
no apple ever tasted like that .
somebody made an old-fashioned version of it .
he put a planage outside of madus , and he started to grow tulps and leriliates , which he said , in the same way that he could survive in the rough climate of madogus .
and last week , i was at a meeting with dutch governmentrew in the last week , and i asked one of the leading group to think that he thought it was possible because of the digitar hair hair , people died .
my research team and i went to the west point of militraq .
we 're close to the season , and we 're moving to the world champion .
i think eggs may be details .
as a culture , we 've trivialized what 's now the decade for adults .
i spent my summer in a war room because my parents were afraid that if we don 't go back every single summer to palestine one day like madonna .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
and chicago just did it so that people can freely snap up the baters if they snap it .
we 've all heard of feen and nymphen , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , the aparas ?
i want to warn you . this kind of identity requires a lot more of us than when we don 't care about it .
nobody has to give your ideas of green light .
and i got a woman in the 20s who wanted to talk about boys .
we don 't care about fixing our coffee cup , our pocket or our water bottle , fix our water bottle , or pure .
i wanted to understand who does the job .
if we can 't throw the old stuff away , we don 't have a place for the new economy . the engineers start to stop the consumption when consumption is broken .
my mother was suffering from the boat .
their parents were born in virginia in the 1840s in virginia as slave .
i think that 's fascinating .
what else can we do ?
thank you very much .
technology appeared to have something that alvino tinler was calling a accelerator in 19 ⁇ 0 called accelerating precision .
hello tedwomen , what 's going on ?
let 's go back to my world of medicine , where i feel a lot of comfortable , or maybe a little bit less comfortable with you about it .
i knew they had come to decide .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and he grabbed this six package with beer with my sister and went to the forest .
now , it turns out that even if you 're going to decide , if you 're going to be in closer to the choices , even then it has negative consequences .
if i ask you a question , you know , because i 'm blind , just your hand if you want to burn some calories .
i 'm the newly defined doctor .
zeral palsispesis is not genetically .
i was like , when we were going to put our final clocks and cameras off of it .
and yet , we don 't really understand the possibilities of that yet .
when i say reality , i 'm going to be my photo-reality .
what 's doing is something that 's going to be an investment , invest in something that you want to be next .
it 's about creating a bumblebee of the kind of glacier flow .
more importantly , we have the authorities for young egyptians who are trained in the satellite technology so they can make those who can make big discoveries as well .
now , in this case , this round magnet is like a three-dimensional pixel in our world . that means that both computers and humans can move this object anywhere -- at least within that little three-dimensional space .
but then we all realized that this idea of the marked profitable , as the idea of a bought a hubber , because they can basically sell more stores .
we have to measure whether we succeed . we have to be willing to be failure , in order to learn lessons and learn from being previously .
and here we see , with filz , paper and water bottles , like geordie --
i said , " yeah , yeah , she 's going to meet with men under her level , she 's going to beat a switch , but she 's not going to marry him . "
but this picture is actually completely put together in perspective , from thousands of different places .
at that time , the most powerful feeling of wondering about the overnatural forces of technology .
but before i get to the actual topic of my talk , let 's start with a little baseball .
and then in my worst moments : how could i make a stupid mistake like this ?
it 's almost a perfectly ideological response , like antibodies , that attract you to a human .
and the difference is then being perceived as a loss .
literature alone is the eggs .
imagine if there were three women , " it 's called marriage break . "
but that 's not what happens .
the reason for that is , if i 'd draw it on a normal curve , where we say , this is the years , the time frames of a species , and this is a kind of grassly mass of technology that i want to show with a graphen , then the algae .
with the funny stories that brought alex to the meeting , it was easy for me to just get the head while we were going to get the problems out of us .
and basically , the bottom of the sea came down and then they got thrown back .
i love the fact that my broke and my hometown has the same in the same initials .
he 's always got to be movement .
this approach is true for all new things we do .
how about the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt ?
last year , the new york times published a study that the government did .
you say , " no -- you tell people that we grew up with it . "
and in my contract , i told you that missing the state counteraction and the police department and the procedure shoulders are too much more comfortable .
it 's a puzzle that 's still being put together .
thank you very much .
say , " please repeat this process . "
i have cerebral palsy  ⁇ 
but it 's not documented .
i said , " we 're going to try to get against inequality .
the economy needs it .
the most important 200 enable them to understand 40 percent of the simpler literature -- enough to understand street signs , spare cards and the basic websites or newspapers .
we decided to do an experiment , and we chose mardel for our experiment .
and there was a parody for every single day in the first seven days .
we went through her address book and she found the residents of a cousin who worked in another state in a museum .
put a mouth in the door , and it says , " ask questions . "
in 2010 , we just connected under two billion people online .
it wasn 't just the first place that i thought was just the construction company with these ideas , because they thought , " that 's not a shopping mall . we didn 't get that . "
they had entrepreneurship solutions to local problems .
there was a time when we solved big problems .
today , i want to talk to you about one of the biggest decision-making issues of our modern time , the decision-making issue .
basically , it 's the language of science and the jealousy .
and i knew that i was going to go from the restaurant to " crazy friendly friend " to get up .
they 're going to tap their internet connection .
now , if i want to say another technology , let 's say a transportation technology , that would be very , very unsustainable , in a way , that would be on the semi-logarithmic scale , so it would be very unsustainable , in a flat .
would i have become terrorist ?
in the same year , in the same year , the bell labs announced the next revolution , the next building block .
because listening can be so easily related to the collapse of the horizon , so easily , that you can accept the assumptions of the environment .
and everybody asks the staff .
the important thing about the purpose of the main purpose is to bring us in touch where our dreams come from , where our passion and our happiness come from .
" the good earth is about the life of chinese farmers .
and that 's because of course , you don 't normally do all the people at the same time at nose .
the person who should remember the person who should remember the person who 's called baker , remember , with lower probability of the word as the person who should be matched with the baker sugar .
we 're going to pick some furows every year , and we 're going to let them work with a city diversity .
i learned a couple of very simple things .
and then you might say , " well , you know , in profound ? "
he 's wearing his poem from memory and leaves the room . and right now , the hall goes back and he 's all the gestures .
you might think that the problem of people who were surely living in rice communities , animals killing , and only after some generations , what they had done was they had done .
i gave my common talk , and she looked at me and she said , " mmmmmm . mmmmmmmm . "
and i just love the fact that i could walk from my home to new york city when i wanted to .
and we also found worker -- carnettz and athat -- which shows that there was a jewel worker .
simoni 's out there , the only survival of this disaster . he 's close his eyes and suddenly he 's able to see that he can see in front of his eye , which has healthy food .
so with this tool , the border was broken through .
but the five commandment was , " you 're going to have a kind of an epiphany , your father and your mother honor . "
i wasn 't familiar with the label .
but in our efforts , the way we change the way we exist on this planet as a species , we also have to pay for all the cost , including the very human work .
this gay band helped her get a work there .
what if eggs were really just a physical problem ? if it 's just about gin , how do we relate to the other relationship ?
i know people who made this job several years . their body used to be used to the weight that they 're going to be on their body , tons of waste every week .
it 's the one who tells you that it 's not what you 're doing , it 's bad , it 's your self-clear .
they 're always worried that they lose the shelf area .
we studied young teachers who worked in very tough neighborhoods and asked , what are the teachers going to teach at the end of the year , and what are the students going to do with their students who were going to improve their students 's most effective .
and we want to bring this up to a global level .
i don 't know . i think it 's just hard on the pain , because you think what 's going on when we 're eggshore .
it 's not 1961 .
his name is paulie , and we worked a lot together . eventually we got good friends .
don 't know what you don 't know , or not done .
i didn 't get the role .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work online to try to do the new challenges , and to do what 's needed to do .
and this year , you 've got it for the first time , you 've got the cost of solar electricity in india to reduce 50 percent of the same electricity -- 8,800 rupees compared to 1 ⁇  rupees .
some bacteria have found out how they can keep from penicillin , and they have these information that 's written in dna , and now we 've now been able to have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate with each other .
we all move to a world where nature gets closer and closer and we can use technology and we can use technology to count .
you don 't have to be an engineer to create beautiful homes , beautiful bridges , or beautiful buildings .
although it was so tragic , it 's a message in how much memory makes us who we are .
the university did the life .
narrator 8 : tsunami warning . speaking nine : cyberattacks .
the chairs of coca-cola just got a big test project with hundreds of units in developing countries .
but at the same time , we know that that this is not possible .
christians were the attempts of economic , political and spiritual nature .
so i thought , for example , this map doesn 't really order to start because chinese students grew up with this one .
half of the jobs have never been written out . so if you contact the boss your neighbor , you 're not going to get a job out of it .
i want to see a couple of you .
in the united states , the institute of medicine is 100,000 .
the second example is a master plan for 2,000 apartments and institutions .
apollo created jobs for 400,000 people , and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and listeners .
and the color-scale and the -- you might remember " avatar . "
what you need is a new medical culture .
i 'm still hidden about my behavior .
it 's the story of emma .
we know that 80 percent of the most pre-parent moments that happen to 35 .
i don 't think so .
i won the competition , which shouldn 't have happened .
and if my friends spent their summer on the coast of jersey , i don 't .
there are some grandi women who are writing new stories for our kids and so for three-dimensional and wonderful and catastrophic , they 're still warm movies .
my father got me running this when i was five , and he put my holiday on his feet and just flies around .
just like primate . hats are very susceptible to this .
there are some good scenes that men in this hidden depth of fear , and the great moment that one of the actors has a door to pick up and say , " you get into bed , you 're going to sleep , "
we all want to be starters -- celebrity , singer , comedian -- when i was young , it seemed so hard .
i 'm going to talk about race and the question of if we 're right to kill the right .
the next step was to find the apps for that .
and after two , three days , she realized she would never get back .
thank you very much .
you have to make the sound of the wind , you 're going to blow away and read the rest of the book .
i have to warn you . i 'm not a source of inspiration , and i don 't want anyone to have me with me , because you 've all dreamed at a point in your life already from the disabilities .
the next step was happening inside these communities .
i 'm living professionally building computers , and i know that i can use the mechanism that i could use to use to use computers , not without the recently progress in computer technology .
and i was in the process of taking part of this , just as a journalist experiment .
from her is " two alien strangers " and " the talented mr. ripley " all the books about how jealous -- she 's confusing our minds , and once in the sphere , in this rich manifest , the memeanor , which is something that might be in a moment --
why ? and can we learn something from that ?
and i left medical school with the impression that i knew if i knew everything , and i knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as close as possible , that i am immune to the mistakes that i 'm going to make mistakes .
i started thinking about textiles , like a shale from concrete stations , which are the air , and the light , but in filtered shape .
and that 's when you all take your feelings about politics and your joints and your work and all the other things that we really excite , is really exciting , government , in the words of omilly , " which we do in common . "
and i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
trustworthy and denial , and to deny the goal .
they use tools like the state-rojans to own their computers with a trojan who allows them to monitor their whole communications , to listen to their online dysfunction , to collect their passwords .
it 's as simple as what i said to alex .
and that 's the message that i took in medical school .
they 're confused and curious programs .
how does this story differ from the other ?
now , we don 't just find just a little bit of a bit of a conversation about this .
the other thing that we want to ask is companies around the world are helping us with the confirming of these aseds .
i 've met a lot of really interesting people .
i 've been up in clubs all over the united states , and i 've also done show in the middle east in arabic , unrelated and unrelated .
it 's not a decision between privacy and security .
or maybe not .
she said , " i think you can do anything you want to do . "
and that wasn 't a hard time to diagnose .
instead of programming , you have to get rid of , you have to wired or delete , you have to allow you to just program you , intuitive gender .
it 's a system where there 's two basic positions -- those who make mistakes and those who don 't make them . those who are going to be constrained , and they 're going to be limited without limitation , and they 're going to have bad results and they 're going to get good out .
and so this communication now allowed the founding of communities that were in some sense the same boat ; they were synthetic .
it 's not slowing down for any of our big problems .
if a lot of stuff has been carried on the 30s , there 's a huge amount of pressure to start a career in the 30s , to count a city , a partner and two , or three children in a much more recently .
and now , the job .
i 'm going to talk about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
and then they 're more leaders .
we can win a little bit of trustworthiness .
and there 's good news .
good night , sweet peak . "
if you 're digested in a criminal accident , you know , it 's pretty safe to call your phone .
the underwater part comes from a rock breakthrough .
in maine , i was one of my favorite buses , looking for sandwich , looking for the coast of maine because my parents claimed to the brinth .
secondly , photos should have the same lighting part .
urban waste , which we think about when we talk about waste , three percent of the national waste trash can 'tes .
so no misrepreneurs heroes , no odyssee .
and it 's debutable if that really solved a serious problem .
thank you very much .
the movie didn 't let it go .
ok , now , that 's easy to say , but no mistakes don 't make a mistake , because it 's a lot .
her mother just stopped .
i remember thinking about five years old .
no , no , no , no , no .
every time i played a scene from " the glass men " playing " , my teacher smashed .
and instead of economic style , i see one of the biggest economic issues of history .
i was in the middle of the swedish sky in the desert with sufi tags mukhiti ali .
when the air was in , i got out of the classroom , and i got out of the classroom , and i took the notebook from the teacher 's office .
 ⁇  " sinfonie for a soul " from thomas meron  ⁇  " the course of the water -- the habit of the taoism of alan watt 's " instead of losing me in translation , i found out how much i can win .
it turns out that it 's in the way that it 's supermasses up at the bottom and down the northeast , it 's varied between 331 different types of magazines to 664 magazines .
it would prove that everyone can do this . "
compare that to the " the magician from oz " 1939 .
they made us the capable of building things that were bigger than we , buildings , bridges , a stone after the other .
on the new day , they 'd let them go -- woman , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
home ?
now why do we draw graphen in technology on semi-logoths ?
the honest answer : i don 't know .
and your work makes us do our work .
what do you think the average mapping of cardiologists or a nurse or a or a or a place-opath , a birth deer , should be a rescue ?
everybody walked around and had fun , but then , with 30 , the music suddenly got out and everybody started to sit down .
he 's the guy on the left .
and is it about something different than the guy you like ?
but what if we turn that all around and get the digital information instead ?
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i 'm going to tell you three stories before , to use time .
here 's a german car manufacturer who 's going to give you the chance to convert your car completely .
i imagine what that would look like .
i told my mother , i wouldn 't do that .
these people have to have supernatural abilities .
in fact , this mountain is taken by trigger every time you drive in areas where never fisheries .
that 's really bad for the workers .
after three months of refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
you can act from people -- " benjamin franklin " by wala isaacson  ⁇  " john adams " from david mculoh , " who were involved in the same event , or of friends with common experiences .
ohhhhhhhhhhhh , wow  ⁇ 
this deputey ran over to the elder black .
it 's hard to talk about race , and i think that 's because we 're not willing to be able to get closer to the process of truth and reconnection .
instead , he looks at things that his wife doesn 't realize it , so , unsustainable behavior .
if we don 't deal with it , with these difficult issues , the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
i think eggs might be gloomed hair and little dry-skin screams .
and finally , big problems will sometimes drop the solutions , because we don 't really understand the problem .
in the '  ⁇ 0s -- more like , at the beginning of the ' 60s -- europe started a lot of development projects .
remember , a maasai warri with a cell phone in the middle of kenya , has a better cellular cellular communication than president reagan 25 years ago .
the other one had a very strong diarrhea .
so a couple of years ago , i started a program to get the starters in technology and design to work out a year and work in an environment that 's pretty much all you hate in the government .
we think of a piece of cake , in lavelte-s-eview .
but i remember the lights of the oil platform off the malaysia coast , and the young man who collapsed and died , the end of the journey was too much for him , and the flavor of the first apple that gave me one of the men on the platform .
so the theme of the day is finance .
my parents couldn 't afford to afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
their family gathered .
motors , george -- four possibilities .
so for me , it seemed like this to be more like this , the same thing that i 'm going to look at in the right place .
i also learned about the unbelievability of the waste .
she was the daughter of a slave family .
and one night , i stayed up too long , and i thought , my goodness , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he has to have magic forces .
hollywood is kind of a crucially known to play physically healthy actors .
the last advice : emmmail believed that you couldn 't choose the family , but the friends .
i manipulated the notes of my rival , just a little , just a few .
and what makes me the second technology that helps you deal with the problem of decision-making , it 's the concrete .
and she was a second woman at 1 ⁇  , and she was a mandarin whose mom was beaten .
al is a hydrant in the city of boston .
and prosthibiting us to show that eggs is not uncomfortable , and we 're albern , but in your core , you 're looking for a search for knowledge , the truth , the painful truth , and prosthetics : the more painful , the better .
i went on it , and we made exhibitions all over southern southern marine ocean , and especially in java 's .
and then one goal : we should trust more .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to be just a few decades .
and then it 's about the combination of different images .
he said , " in germany , there 's no death penalty .
and there 's a very good reason for that .
it was so obvious .
at that point , there are 50 million people in the united states in the 20s .
she 's got a button , and she 's got a button  ⁇ 
you know how to call a 300-century major league baseball ?
but they 're going to give you a message to the young , that the young boy is not actually the goal of the audience .
it shows how the government might work better -- not like a private company , how many people think it should be .
the next piece of puzzle is how a boat is going to run out of the early days of the morning runs down .
let 's look at what 's really happening in the world : we can assess the attacks in categories .
baker have a tumble on their hands .
she had bought a little address book , and she spent all the morning , her whole day , her whole day , and she started to put her whole contacts , but then she put her in the empty place where the words came to the words : " in the emergency room please ... "
so if transportation technology was going to go as fast as the microprocessor technology , then we could go over hormone in a taxi , and in 30 seconds , we 'd be in tokyo .
emma 's history sounds like it 's all easy . but that 's what i love about 20-year-old love .
i loved it to go to this business , but at a time , i wondered , well , how come you never buy something ?
i rideedide to rehy him and asked my colleagues to do that .
i have to tell you , i have 99 problems and zeral palsis , just one of them .
there 's a case of ourselves , like the diginotar .
bryan stevenson : well , there 's possibilities all over the place .
i know and i 'm sure you 're going to get the job done because you come from a row of hundreds of thousands of programs that have done the job .
so he did what every good developer would do , he wrote an app .
i also think there are theories that are beginning to understand how everything started with rna , but i 'm going to tell you a simplified story about which , at that time , little oil droids , which were living different kinds of receptions for chemicals .
there 's an example the anecdote that the report of a captain so that in this area where the big fish can 't be used , or from fishing scientists , because it 's not science .
this is something from a roman from patricia high-tech .
next week , this is going to come to market .
you don 't have to build memory stores or direct maps to make a sense of how your memory works .
some of my classes passed away over the last five years .
in other words , we need content in the ways that we need to give more of our kids through the ability .
this is me , like i 'm playing on my in the piano .
you can say things that have the impact on the world .
over the last few millennia , we 've invented a series of technologies -- from the alphabet to the script , to the code , the printing press , the photographer , the computer , the smartphone -- that we 've made it easier to simplerate our memory of external , to the human ability to basically external to impose that human principles .
but they were also concerned that i could maybe starve to ramadan .
we 're in the middle of this transition .
so people who can see a marine protected area and they benefit from the insight that it allows you to put your norms back .
the other way to think about it is not : did anyone get a crime death , but that 's , you know , have we earned it ?
we also brought to design schools .
but in fact , we see there 's more and more and more and more , that if you 're willing to be willing to get out of the same equal opportunity , well , there 's a increase in the sales , there 's the cost of the cost , and there 's a better improvement of choice .
we know that a process of evolution is not optimal when it gets too complicated .
and try this all the time with another generation .
that 's not enough .
every dollar was divided , and in other words , in english and mathematics , whatever we had to do with it . most of them were the new things that came out of two hands .
and then , if i look at these programs , i can 't tell you how they work .
these are the questions that we have to deal with over the next 50 years .
remember the fire ?
it almost like you 're a boy , like you 're a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you should bring your wars .
and after the terrorism , of course , the race-transenning and decades of race-parted under construction and apartheid .
the tents were too lazy to get away from what they were doing -- who thought they were going to be up after them ?
and finally , i got out of my car , and i went up to the court .
but there 's a major difference : the transistor was just experts .
of course my grandmother would say all your grandmother , you 're something special .
we remember , if we have the opportunity to find out why information and experiences are meaningful for us , as you have meaning and outweigh them , if we can turn them into something that is meaningful for us to make sense of our other memory , and if we can turn the baker into the professor .
thank you .
they come from ideas that are driven by the conviction in our hearts .
because that 's where the actual governance is happening .
i think he 's selling hope .
you might know , i 'm going to have over 4,000 follower on twitter .
and i wondered what he 's up there .
we 've sentiented to kids , and you 're playing with it .
 ⁇  freud  ⁇  says that the man is going to be the hutter of the unconscious of his wife .
the emergency roomsonal moved all the strains .
for us , the sun is the source of the richness .
i set up the x-ray of the kidney . when this was a dog , my colleague at the patient 's rehearsaling a station in the right sector and the race operators .
i don 't know what every single transistor is doing in the connection machine .
there 's online criminal .
so when we see the news before we prefer it to look for negative news .
i never got caught .
in all these different contexts , a characteristics have come out of a significant clue .
i was a secondly obese student .
it 's an example of what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
three things : toaste memakers , participatory community , and the unexpected .
so it 's all the tools there , and the only thing that animates us is our imagination .
i got some fear of technology .
so littliter 's open source .
if the riverside for fire " a human with high-tech poor , as if he 's going to write , " help me , " -- " -- " this is the shrimp place , originally from the form of flame , but i like this idea . you 're going to take the best .
there 's a program that some of you might know .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
and if i really think about this with my current knowledge about this : i don 't know the answer .
and yet , my interest in photography , when i got my first digital camera , at age 15 .
that 's great . i 'm going to trust you , because you 've been showing me over vulnerable .
and it showed that today , the human pattern recognition is better than the proteins are the best supercomputer .
now five years later , she 's event planner for museums .
and our data shows that a lot of talented people don 't just stay true of their hingab .
we can 't get rid of it .
and the more we choose to pick elected officials , the more we 're going to be able to practice the art of choice .
think about your own decisions .
" oh , i can 't believe that pixar has made a princess film . "
i grew up in the country , in the old rural south , and i have a brother , who is older one year and a year younger sister .
and when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to the storytelling the reader all over the world .
i said , " no , no , no . no . no . you 're going to do it . i don 't want a beer . "
you 've read how the new economonomy changes the roles of house and the brigades .
she hardly breathe , and she was a blue duck .
we want to fight precursor and discrimination in the strategic system .
or photos like this -- dark and colorful , but all of the common goal , to keep a realistic level .
i don 't say that because i think it 's virtuous . i say that because identity means power .
this piece of 50-year-old technology became the most magical thing for me .
we know that babies suffer from eggs .
that means the ball is going to beat the outside , and it 's coming up , and it 's not going to be trapped , and who 's trying to throw the ball on the base , and it didn 't get it right , and the purple was safe .
in the academic world , it 's a standard ringinging .
and when i met her as a little boy , she came up to me and hug me .
and when i was a kid , there was the future somewhere in the year 2000 , and people often talked about what would happen in 2000 .
the first concrete blocks were made in 1868 , and they were made up of a simple idea : modules of cemented maps that sum up .
but somehow we 're going to let it down from this problem .
nobody knew where the next life-saving ape was at that moment .
the most scary thing about this topic is that i think we know so little that the science knows so little about how to build it .
he 's also empowering you that you can be entrepreneurs that you could fully bring the change .
and that goes on in a gene called atrium , and that 's a free-fall space in the building that 's protecting itself from its own shape of itself and rain .
my first job was to drive it to new york city comic books from new york city to new jersey , and i 'm never going to have the first comician i ever ever forgotten when he was cliffing to new jersey with a driver than i was a driver .
because suddenly egypt grew my little beach in maine , at a hundred miles long , along the nail . and my sand dry grew up to the size of cities .
without the necessity of remembering , it 's sometimes as if we 've forgotten how that goes .
we 're talking about about 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you realize that nobody has the age of adult age , without walking through the 20s .
i don 't know his name , but his story .
i sat still my hunger after elaborate advice with this book about a writer and musician . " " " " i found my role in a role-to-free woman , while the conjunction of the book " i learned to be more than i was in the book . "
what does that mean ?
and when he saw me , he came over to me and said , " who are you ? "
how does that work ?
a story that 's going to be displayed with new issues like the environmental crisis .
the ones who really want to make a choice are off 20 funders , not 300 or more fund .
so the neurons are the information processing capacity , which is the cells that these cells have been built in general .
they 're in the emerging markets where you can literally see cities growing .
we know one more thing where all the tanks are .
he says , " you might think that 's the ultimate thing , but it 's not something other than interpreting ancient text or looking at the memory . "
but i used to like " introspector " leather , the boss of scotland yard with the face of a rat who needs urgent , the woodmower takes him , but he 's got to get it .
are you ready ?
the post-millums-millium-life crisis doesn 't mean buy a red duration car .
you put the uniform and you get invisible until somebody -- whatever reason is -- you get angry because you block the traffic with the car or you can take a pause or you can take a cliff , or you can taste a coffee in your local , and you 're going to get a married way , and you 're going to say you don 't want to have a closeness .
and this is what it looks like , like , " it looks like , " look , " look , but what it really is , somebody who 's going to be uploading it , if he 's a guy , because he knows , he 's not very good at the band of the band-aid , if he 's a snow . "
these people deserve money .
now , i don 't say that we don 't have big problems -- climate crisis , species , hypothes , water and energy problems -- that we already have .
they flew to the moon because it was something great .
i think it 's very highly highly obvious from us to say that we 're the end product of evolution .
i was dominated in a family , a traditional african-american household , which was dominated by a matrix , and this matrix was my grandmother .
i 've been thinking about some talks in germany about death penalty .
the transition is happening . we can all feel it .
oh . wait a second .
 ⁇  when we were fighting the oppression in east europe against the oppression , we wanted to be anything possible . but what we needed was hope , a spiritual orientation , that would be willing to be in hopeless and be witnessed . "
when i was in my 20s , i had my first psychotherapy patient .
i put my job at 95 kilograms .
last month , i had the pleasure of pleasure to announce the qualum foundation called " 10 million qualummortorder x prize . "
in my show " white coat , black art . " i have the habit of saying , " this is my worst mistake , " i 'd be the chest battle to the chart of cartoonist , " this is my bad mistake , " blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , " " what about your little mom ? " i 'll show you to your mic .
and although i graduated from graduation , i realized that i couldn 't find myself with a career in jura .
in the middle of the century , polio and smallpox eradicated .
different speakers : drugs war . we have mass destruction . tornado .
bjn nordin .
compare and toward the visualization of a subject to a complex understanding of a subject .
these kinds of books are in virginia where they 're so teeth as cats like cats .
they support when others talk about their mistakes .
this person goes for a walk .
and you know , you know , why can 't i be a little bit disabled ?
in this state , about 24,000 canadians die of overwhelming errors .
but then the technology of the electroley seeds and made aluminum design so cheap that we use it with our way of doing it .
the name of an old yearbook that i bought on the flood market .
it means you can 't care about the career that you want to do , you can 't do .
a speech ship .
if you walk from the board member , and you see a city of the trash , you can see that waste is like a natural self-certaintype .
and it starts with a doctor .
who 's going to put us in rio ? or in paris or in london ?
my mother worked on paint , and then on a line in a car factory , six days , twice as much as she was .
it 's not wrong with most of these things .
an amazing mistake . one of the nine innocence .
i want more tasks like this .
but there 's a number that 's bigger than that , and that 's going to be shocked up this space .
a couple of months ago , and i just missed everything .
there are two possibilities .
lego made it possible for everyone .
these are just tricks .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
i started to look at children and adults in all sorts of ultra-mother-labor situation , and i always wondered who 's successful and why ?
i want to tell you a different story about a claim , a goal and a task that has a much better approach to the thing .
in fact , in august , in a way , after our insight , we don 't have a talent , but it 's correlated even inversial talent .
they 're putting a blue in a green one , and they can make light .
but what 's the trick that makes it realistic ?
so we 're all the good citizens of social media that 's neding . right ?
it 's not politically active , and that 's the office worker .
door . a board in the door is for the " riege . "
they work because they force us to work .
but eventually these realities are overlooked by sorry , abuse , manufacturing , dimming , execution .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
so the ocupythesis movement did it .
this is why the dome of washington monument from aluminuminum .
i was afraid of that i could just get a second choice .
and that 's important .
" don 't go , " don 't expect to be an unlikely .
the words , so long , his friends , were now spoting his life .
and as we now , in 2011 , our governments like trust , but every right thing we 're spending , for the last year ,
it 's not a miracle that everybody thinks it 's going to be worse in the world .
now , i was nine years old , and i said , " yeah , grandma . i promise it . "
he 's a " prisoner , " like jonas in the whale .
so i had to stop at the table of the hostage so that i couldn 't roll out the scene in the screen , and as the interview was over , i was except i was .
and then it sounds like , " in my 20s , i was a partner , like the journey to jerusalem .
sometimes these ideas are predicting our minds in a very important way .
as you can see , the lagoon was surrounded by palms and some mangroves .
and there was my career , " not yet , but maybe she 's going to get the next one .
and the iq wasn 't the only difference between the best and the worst students .
it 's a hump of dough , fear in the darkness .
and that 's what i got my first patient , and i got a brand-firstimer .
we don 't know that we 're going to trust everyone in the beds or representatives in an official institutional institutional equation .
" more trust " is not a smart goal in this life .
because it 's innocent , and everyone knows that .
you have to give them a basis that they trust you .
we think because we 're taught that the real question is , has a human being earned to die for a long time ?
agencies have a hired road kids who are helping him to avoid the motorcycle and stop .
how can we interfer inside with the digital information , and use the whole skill of our hands ?
now the average age of our fowls is 28 , so i 'm sorry , almost a generation of older than most of you .
he went to university in mogadic , and he graduated from there .
baseball is full of great statistics .
let 's see why the novel and the eggs that are looking for the eggs and the processes and the prosthes .
his memory is so bad that he doesn 't even remember his memory problem . what 's amazing .
just to remember , because speaking can be pretty idiocy .
let 's say , i want to worry numbers , that 's a simple example i 've already used for .
oh , my time has been over ?
they look like this .
she said , " i think you 're something special . "
the silence is earbed .
in buddha , they were all psychological natural : fun , fear and social light -- interesting .
three together , they 're like , " wood . "
i looked at them and smiled , but she looked very serious .
because of books , i 'm happy today , and i 'm happy , back with a purpose in life and with obvious glances , most of the time .
she asked the monk , " why is your hand so warm and the rest of your hand like this ? "
seven million people are disposal or with demanded strategicism .
she could take place inside of a time-old learning scale .
people in the 20s like alex , and i didn 't have anything as time .
i think it 's important to simulate both .
and the next contract that we got was , " i went over there , find the trash of the house behind the house .
now we 're going to do this with drills and machines .
and i was going through this rollercoaster because she came up after the stabilization , and i hoped she would recover .
but we 're still getting on the galapagos .
i had a better life course when i just finished university . "
the surveys are very badly speaking about the actual trust level , because they ignore the healthy people 's healthy people 's state that you 're trusting .
i like this kind of task for my daughter and i like this kind of task for my son .
i think of them as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put them together to create an alternative reality .
it 's not our office .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you like listening over any other ph.d. , but you 're not going to hear somebody talk about your own mistakes .
this is a slide that i chose randomly from my fold .
i might know that you don 't drive well .
we know japan is the land on the sun .
and i realized this the first time i was a daughter , " star wars , " which was years later , and the situation was different .
so , not just in westpoint , but also in the bookstoretical competition , but in school , especially for children with breakfastric disease .
and it turns out that if you get it , you feel like something that 's a very good tool , so that you 're going to save people more .
so i looked at the stagemanager and said , " sorry , can i get another chair ? "
and that 's a very good news , because it turns out that we 're very good at collective action with digital technology .
but you don 't notice the previous losses .
so i 'm going to start by going to start by showing you a single boring slide .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so capable of taking responsibility that i was doing so , and so i could have to worry for my patients without contacting it .
groups like anonymous , over the last 12 months , have been up and they 've become one of the main players on the field of online gangri .
this is a state where the heart fails , instead of pumping the whole blood , it 's a part of the blade in the lungs , and it 's filling all these votes , so the shortmoon is going to come .
that 's right .
and that would be a reasonable response .
there 's no role models for you .
it 's very good . don 't let it stop .
and just by the way , the biggest obesity against population is a better educational education and dieting all over the world .
she shares her experiences with others .
the second story is to be a different concept that 's changing the new viable , verbal ,
and finally , i get programs that can make fun of numbers .
and the idea of the facade was much , much cheaper , not just because of the material versus glass , but also because we didn 't need to have a climate system anymore .
you know , as people often say , " i don 't know how to fix it .
i have friends who are trusted very much in their own compensation , but they 're appreciating them .
in high school , once a student said that brian goldman would learn for a blood test .
the unhealthy way i 'm talking about is that the one innermost sicks .
just so on the edge : he doesn 't text because they need too much water .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
today , i 'm going to tell you about unexpected discoveries .
it 's a naked bicycle running , and they 're going to come up and get your pets .
you know , the first thing you know , the bitney special ? "
if one is helping another , we 're going to strengthen our communities .
and so he got the citizens to check them out .
but anyone who 's going to beat you or live in your life if you 're going to get your facebook , you know , no progress .
he went up and down .
" because you 've been holding it for this morning , " he said .
but exceptions , yes , the rule is .
he said , " grandma tells all the grandmother that they 're special . "
in 2010 , it was 23 million times .
behind the roof was a trash cliff , maybe four square meters , with apple bumps , together with the aluminum order and an old turn school .
he always showed up here .
these technologies have enabled our modern world , but we 're changing at the same time .
it 's connected by oxygen and silicate .
we love entertainment .
but half of them , it 's not , and it 's not weak and weaked them there .
i.q. ' s one of my most powerful students were not strategic .
so i started reading two books at the same time .
and then if you do good images , you can be pretty nice , and you can see that the result , and it 's pretty realistic .
they 're pushing , pushing , pushing straight up to you .
and the reason i 'm going to put this month in maduchu was actually the message of a gunprer for young leaders and entrepreneurs .
they 're so ubiquitous that they 've become the cliche .
and we want to make this material available for all of us .
the biggest fear was in pirate , rape and death .
people are always worried when i say , " limit . "
one of the most vulnerable techniques for this can be returned to the ancient greeks for about 2,500 years .
but the question was , how could we design a multiple , contemporary , contemporary building with these principles ?
we 're working in a system where we 're going every day in which a 10 drugs are either a wrong or wrong , or wrong with the hospital infections and always get more and more and more and more and more and more and more vulnerable and more .
darthens and sponsors were searched for .
nine people who have been executive , one of the things that we 've been doing is innocent , and that 's out of the death cell .
and under these panels , we put the roof as a new public space with content rooms and bars that are creating these urban oasis .
but that wasn 't the end of the thylacine .
they sold this program for 280,000 egyptian government .
we often talk about people with good memory , as if it were a special terms , but it 's not true .
and one time , we started a life .
the one on the left is jazz and the right is swing , but you know what ?
just the claim : why do people think that trust has gone back ?
we 're using these programs now to make the computer much faster so that we can do these processes even faster .
we just albert around there as well as anything else .
one day -- this is a really report -- this was like , " this is what i call a " squared in my trash . i can 't say if you 're dead .
no shakespeare .
and so the mobile phone in your pocket circa is less than a million times faster than a supercomputer from the '  ⁇ 0s .
and nobody seems to have a look at this .
and so instagram is also so successful .
" i 'd like to teach britney specialars how to learn the order of a mixed maps of a maps of cards .
in the room , a young man , agen .
we have the passion of a diy innovation .
these images are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
there 's nothing in the landing . "
i sent her home without speaking to my doctor .
so i wanted to close with my favorite quote from the middle rich -- maybe in the town of i.j. diving , four thousand years ago .
we say , " computers , please give a hundred million randomly randomly chose sequences of instruments .
possibilities that would have not been allowed were explicitly encouraged .
so you have to be trustworthy .
here 's a simple commercial example .
on july 21 , 1969 , buzz alrin pulled out the moonlight aspollo 11 and went to the sea .
and at that moment , i had to summarize myself to say , " i 'm going to have to say . "
let 's take a very , very complicated decision , and take the purchase of a car .
but now you don 't have to worry about it anymore .
i 'm sitting here , and i 'm basically going to give you a gentle-looking note of me hoping that i 'm going to make a similar idea in your mind in your head that has a certain kind of similarity with my original idea .
put a plank under the tree , and you have a base .
we didn 't have social intelligence .
thank you very much .
i 'm going to be a photosynthetic photos .
and we 've made an ipad appall .
but one miracle , we found , yoga .
they use online gangs to earn a lot of money , a huge amount of money .
and we use this word with this kind of warning .
i don 't take the same course .
what do i look at ?
so to do this , i 'm going to talk about some other things that really don 't have technology or computers .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
and when i start with the simple , i 'm learning how to pick up .
and when i finally started studying egyptology , i realized that this is not enough to look at my mom 's eyes .
my mother called me a couple minutes later .
they sell certificate .
i spend most of my time in study , jail , jail or death cells .
but for an out-of-lasting , it seems like being the great wall of china .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
and my patients aren 't cars ; they don 't always tell me their symptoms don 't always get in the same way .
i was about 10 years old , and i was on a camping flight with my father in adjacent discirge , a wild area in northern part of the state of new york .
it 's very important that these tsunami viruses work , but people steal the batteries .
and finally , this older black man came with a very worst face-to-face in the court room and sat down right behind me , almost to the defense department .
hey , why not ?
we 've gotten rid of the rheetorik of the punishment .
and it shows other people who are mistaken to not just be able to make it in a lovely way that all benefits .
he died , broke through the story .
now , for those of us who have given up the government , it 's time that we 're thinking about the world we want to leave our children behind .
my gut feeling back .
so an operator has to start very early on with the acrobatic training . so i tried to go to the grandpa ,
but on " citizenship connectcet " is all public , so that anyone can see it .
we want to have life-changing hamstep without a demand for children .
from the 12 folks , which is cut down its surface , is alrin , after the death of armstrong last year , the oldest one .
imagine this device . in the middle of a developing country , where there 's no doctors , but 25 percent of the disease burden and 1.3 percent of the health workers .
the body can 't be really puncture .
so in other words , i 'm going to define what i want .
that 's the work that 's in front of us .
and i 'm going to do something brighter , because i 'm going to draw something on the paper here .
it was a store called the dragger .
and when i heard that , i was relieved .
and also , it 's between two parallel street that have no connection to hundreds of meters .
so how does it work ?
the good news is that technology is able to make it possible to actually change the function of the government 's government 's fundamental to achieve in a way that can actually achieve something by strengthening society .
and i want to read you that .
i 'm never going to forget it .
the cost of solar energy last year is about 50 percent .
but now with mobile technology , we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology .
a few years ago , i started to develop the pitbooks .
and if you understand the answer to that , you might say , " i trust some of you , but not . "
and i just thought , " wow , how come i never heard of it before ? "
now these decisions are different in the number of choices that you 're going to make per decision .
and the recbeca blacks " fiday " is one of the most popular videos of the year .
but our system is not just being formed by questions that have to do with race disorders , it 's also being disabled by poverty .
but i wondered , how about how if there were no border at all .
this is a story that we 've heard a lot of times from the galapagos islands or other places , it 's not very special .
i think these two figures are experts .
we 're always pushing up each other all the time .
two pairs of stews for school , each to hide the holes in the other .
my cousins walked around all over the place .
the new doctor is a human being , and it 's a human being , and it 's not proud of making it , but it 's all going to learn from you so that you can pass it on .
vacla havel , the great tcher politician , once said .
she said she 'd like to work in art or in the entertainment , but she didn 't have decided to have , so she would have been able to think of her in the past years .
and it kind of doesn 't work , right ?
president nixon explained the war in 19 ⁇ 1 , but soon , there are many kinds of cancer that mostly contradictive therapy , and it 's been the last 10 years since the last decades , the realist therapy , that there 's been realist therapy .
every single one of you might be famous about the internet to the next saturday .
because it doesn 't really feel like it 's not really money .
he was involved in the conversation , because then , when you wanted to shoot a really big party , you didn 't have a d.j. , but you know , you know , you know ,
how often have we chosen a political leaders -- and sometimes we have a lot of energy to choose a new political leaders -- and then we 're going back and we expect the government to reflect our values and our needs , and then not much changed ?
they wanted to know , is the structure or anatomy of their brains different than the rest of us ?
maybe it 's taken in some activities or institutions , and maybe in others .
i wanted to believe that paulie was right .
a school uniform until the knees , because she had to get six years to get rich .
i wasn 't just driving the truck . i went to the trucks .
i 've been looking for the newspapers , and i 've been looking for the best headlines i could find .
what would the best facility in a mediterranean climate for a apartment ?
there can be a series of changes .
but there was a problem .
two suns together , " wealthy . "
dr. dweck has shown that when you read about the brain and learn how it 's going to change the answer to challenges and , in failure , failure , because you don 't believe that failure is a permanent state .
diseases that we 've been having for decades and centuries of control , would spread out and harm us .
now , if you 're going to calculate it , people would buy six times more like a glass mary , who they had six to the choices when they had 24 to the choices .
i said , " what are you talking about ? "
but then another interesting step , and then another very interesting step that things started to be completely different , and that 's , that 's , these cells start to communicate and exchange information , so that communities have been created by cells .
so le street , it takes its help , and it 's going to get it and it shumps throughout the storytelling .
my story starts right here in rajastan , about two years ago .
look at the opinion polls about a period of time , not much evidence of it .
but the adults didn 't like my idea .
maybe a poem or maybe .
and the best thing about this is that they connect with magnets .
it was the lack of cancer .
he 's called " cabinet " in the official database .
in your daily life , in your life , if you see somebody next time you 're going to see somebody whose job is to make you clean , take a moment , you 're going to perceive you .
one of the last places of the planet earth , where you can still find people who are still passionate about their memory , discipline and cultivate that unique memory competition .
the death penalty punishments in america is irrum .
never make a mistake , no one is concerned about the details of how this is supposed to be done .
now , before we started this day with day , i had a conversation with gary gary .
he invited the king of sami to dinner .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
my parents wanted me to engineer them .
so in these two examples , we 're going to reach into the digital world .
the problem was that the experiment didn 't fly like plan .
and the center of my work is the connection of the community to our community and part of the environment , where architecture is from the natural , local conditions , and traditions .
yeah .
what you see here is the chemical changes of the landscape through construction materials and -- activities of the old egyptians .
and then they wanted to kill them because they were good at eating them .
take the switch out to get a pulmodulse that 's here , and you 've made a little blinker .
we 're thinking about energy crisis today .
i 'm glad to be eggs .
you know , god knows it doesn 't miss us any kind of challenges .
they randomly would be the equivalent of finding the needle in the haystack with the eyes and baseball grades .
so i got all the noises in the eggshelf , all the notes , no imagination .
so i could say , for example , that i 'm going to tell you that i 'm a certain very well-known principle teacher who 's going to be familiar with reading this first class , but i wouldn 't let you go to school bus .
over the last decades , we 've been trying to get control systems in all sorts of institutions and experts and elderly , who make it easier to appreciate their trustworthiness .
we want every single interaction in the world to make a confuse stone .
i said , " sorry , but if i can 't get the stunts , the character can 't do it . "
these might be the curiosity , or the technicians , for example , just to make sure that the vegeted applied app is still in his position .
and it 's also a good example of how the government is going to get into the crowdsourcing .
and let me show you a simple example .
she was back and dying .
sometimes we don 't decide not to fix the big problems .
i don 't know what to do .
it allows us things to do with a much higher level of complexity than it would allow normal methods to produce .
concrete structures became very rapidly constructed in the world .
the shopping i 'm going to put my bag , let me go back and ask you no questions .
journalists think dumnamname for people in the 20s like " twixers " or " kids " kid-owner . "
so in my graduate graduate , the asyu eventually , the assembly was a piece of title " you dancing in jackson . "
do you want to get and listen to it ? "
these eight circuits are radicals .
what would you say someone who believes that ?
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise you just look wrong .
thank you very much .
as far as the best idea that i 've heard about the interruptive content of content , the so-called growth mindset is the so-called growth mindset .
the other half of the customers are going to be able to go from the little capabilities , four trains , to the 56 car bombs , a lot of possibilities .
what does that mean ?
my good friend ray brutch recently showed us that every torture technology that 's going to be the latest information technology , and the great legislation of moore 's law , and the price performance equivalent of the 12 to 24 months .
she loves her new career and her new family and she sand me a card in the room , and she says , " now the line is , ' " in the emergency room , you 're not going to get enough . "
the older black man stood up . he looked at the deputy , and then he looked at me , and he said , " i 'm coming up to say that young man , don 't lose the goal . don 't give up . "
this is north-sed due , because of the temperature edge between the two households that are created and creates a natural diet .
i don 't know what you 're holding me , but i can live with it .
you could do this . imagine you in front of your pet .
what would a future look like ?
in fact , it 's not so unique , there 's competition like this all over the world .
they 're fabulous in teaching the girl how to fight against the patriarch , but they 're not necessarily demonstrating the young boy how to fight against the patriarch .
this is moore 's law of the last hundred years .
now , here 's a conference where people talk about the future , and you find that the future is still 2000 .
we lost the contact .
silicon valley says that risky investors have gone away to support world 's world 's world 's world 's edges , and instead they 're going to feed the problems , or even inventive problems .
i remember , i have to have to have eight or nine that i woke up one morning and went to the living room . all my cousins were walking around .
when alex came to the first meeting , jeans and a full-called top , and she fell on the sofa in my office , badly , she told me about her sands , and she told me , there was to talk about men problem .
i know that the most bloody things that happen in the minds of these people , but i don 't have access to it .
i 'm 52 years old , and i 'm still admired that i never drowned an alcohol .
i don 't understand where the thought came from .
" remember the patient you 're going home to send ? "
today , " exil " has become " beyond . "
you know what word was it ? "
i think we just have to reject our sons just a new definition of maleity .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet with 5,000 times more energy than we use every year .
in the ' 80s , in communist shelf , you had to have to be able to get a typewriter , and they had to register a typewriter ,
and when i think about creating flow , i don 't mean life of a full luxury of everyone on this planet ; it 's about creating a life of possibilities .
it 's impossible to say how the photo was actually being put together .
work later came later , married later , kids came later , even later , death came later .
and this is very important in medicine science .
it turns out that kids with higher-scale content , they 're more likely to get the degree , even if i 'm all the measurable properties , things like families , they 're faced with standardized tests , even how certain they were in school .
and it wasn 't on the bottom of my super-sized , and it was very love .
i remember standing in front of this cereal hospital and wondering , what if i never had gone from here ?
i told you that i could live from my body three months of life , so the most sunrise from the sunrise -- a child 's office .
nasa actually designed a plan .
but if i could give this , and i could make you safe , i would do it .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges that you have to imagine .
in 19 ⁇ 2 , there were 300,000 people in prison and in prison .
and then she said , " you just have to promise three things , bryan . "
leonard bernstein said that big things are going to be done with a plan and they 're getting a little time .
and then we looked at what the case that people were more likely to buy a glass mary .
that was my way of liberating me from the confucian fault feeling and re-refiguring relationship to my parents .
but i think that ideas have actually started in 1984 , but in a way , in a non-stopprofit city , again , from up .
the novel is very good at this point .
don 't do that .
since the age of five , i 've learned to draw every single stress sign in the right order of life .
but i never got a role .
he was at the time at the age of three .
that our survival of all of our survival is linked to each individual .
and then the next steps , like language and so on , took less than a million years .
does he tell us that we should look for cruel women ?
we could set up to each other .
this is my friend ben prudore , three times more memory world championship .
two women are together for " argument . "
this slide shows a data from us data from an analysis of how we compare the performance of risk processors with the performance of a loocala network .
so these women were just going to meet and they were just going to get up .
and when i was dropping your chest with the sighocope , i could hear a little bit of a crucial sound on both sides , and that said that she was talking to me that she was in congestive heart failure .
first of all , i thought that was a game .
and these are the neural structures .
i want to talk about the problem and about some possible solutions .
he gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes and send money home to his family .
in the other hand , i was in user life , the tragic narves of violence , the drug abuse and the isolation .
the categories have to say something that doesn 't give the choice .
the doctors said , i can 't walk , but i 'm sitting here .
i don 't have anything to hide . "
we 're pushing our norms to the new level and we don 't call us in memory , which was there .
it was viewed almost 200 million times this year .
it 's effortless . i 'm a crossing from shakira , shakira and muhammad ali .
they 're prefared to be light , tone , motor and sensor .
alison beechel is a comic book writer , and in the middle of the ' 80s , that you recorded this conversation with a friend about the evaluation of the movies you saw .
if i ask you , the first 10 words of history over simonides , so you would find it difficult to find it .
a human .
i admit i wasn 't particularly interested in being a friend , and i said , " i 'm going to look at this great video , about a guy who 's in new york against the straters for bicycle .
and yet , it 's still a realistic level .
in the next couple of weeks , i gave emma three advice that every 20-year-old , no matter whether husband or wife should hear .
i started to see shapes , and patterns that helped me collect them .
you know , the average supermarket today , you 're going to have 45,000 products .
i thought everybody could do that .
you might think he 's a bit of a bit of jag , but that 's not true .
and this idea further , i started thinking about this , the pixel not just seeing in the room , but making it physical , so that we can touch it and feel it .
first of all , i thought i wanted to go away .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver drill .
first of all , tom randy wants to be you and have what you have , and then it 's , and then it 's got it , and what you 're once , and they 're like the earthby , and he 's responding to your name , he 's carrying your jewelry , and he 's going to put your bencalo .
it also makes me excited about the big product i 'm going to bring together , and so i 'm ready to be interactive with interest .
and that 's what happened in the traine ,
we closed partnerships with private companies and we asked , what are the salesman keeping their work ?
now , i 'm going to take the court room .
for example , this is mr. dimitry gowubber from kiev in ukraine .
i told him , " i 'm not a britney special , but you might teach me .
our sons will find a way to adapt to the adapt , a new relationship with each other , and i think we really have to show you that a real man is somebody who 's trusting their sisters and respects , and they 're standing on their side and they 're against the bad guys who are the men who want to abuse women .
it 's not possible that everything is always going on and on and on and on as quickly as we 're going on .
are they all ?
one of the most important things is that we have to think about it is that government is not the same as politics .
otherwise , i 'm asking you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so my first question for today is , are you ready to hear something about the decision-making problem ?
my first memory is from this boat -- the tail of the engine , the clapping of a wave on the bow , the female , and the empty horizon .
now , i 'm going to follow your kitchen .
it 's absolutely independent of all the memories that are swirling in your head .
if you put them in a fmri machine , and your brain scans as you 're numble , faces and pictures of snowflakes , you can see that in the memory of other areas of the brain , you can see on the rest of us .
every single harvard employees now take automatically at a lifetime fund .
i don 't know if you knew that , but maybe you can actually exchange your dna .
but that 's so unequal .
for example , in germany , only a few weeks ago , the state-jan . this was a troyan who was used by german governmentrees to own citizens .
but if you don 't think about that person , it 's not that you know , it 's not that you know .
yeah , it 's 9 ⁇ .5 percent saltwater , and we 're fighting  ⁇ 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but there 's hope .
and they developed great apps , working with urban workers .
i also thought , how do we end up going to the building ?
she had long belly hair and a little dry typewriter , was good geography and in the book .
two years later , i was in the emergency room in a community hospital north of toronto , and i started a 25-year-old man with smelling .
now , i 'd like to have my own kids , and i 'm going to think about the boat .
and he doesn 't really have an idea . he starts with the animal .
this was true for you as a child , but as 20s , she would soon choose your family if you were to look for a partner and a family .
and what we 've actually done is we 've done , humanity , we 've started to abstract .
the question stayed and i got it .
so i signed up the discouraged and a hospital and a nursing and accountingists and they brought home .
he had waited to an opportunity to go to the future , and it was the first opportunity that he was messed up .
because of course , this is a picture you can 't take on your camera .
remember .
highlights is one of my favorite writers .
thank you very much .
another time we can 't solve the big problems because our political systems fail .
i think there was this moment with the first kiss when i really expected the fact that the tan , because that 's how it ends up , right ?
this is a site that 's in the eastern egyptian delta called menes .
when the golden cortor corporation sold their worst cats sold out of cats , they experienced that the profits were about 8 ⁇  percent increase in the result of the increase in the increase of the lower price and reduce cost .
so western governments are providing totalitarian governments with aid to try to tackle their own citizens .
i was ph.d. student and i studied clinical psychology in berkeley .
so if you could turn the light back on , please .
i don 't grade capitalism , i just get the same relationship .
we asked around , and nobody knew it .
this is a graph of what it looked like when the last video was popular for the first time .
i 'm sure a lot of you have already experienced that you 're going to buy articles online and you 're going back to the time .
how can a judge somebody turn into something that he 's not ?
and i went home after graduating . my first role was as a stint in a soap .
we 're on ourselves and we 're going to be more difficult to get the solutions of the future .
and when i said , " no  ⁇  no  ⁇  she said , " oh , i 'll go back . " if i said , " yeah , she let me go .
a couple of ears and a pillars that were till two little stripes , because distracting the largest enemy of memory competition .
green is forgiveness , blue is electricity , pink is a commercial and orange is cable .
there 's a battery explanation from silicon valley , where you train in the last time , less ambitious companies were being fed in the years that intel microsoft and apple and genevauined .
what else could you get ?
and of course , it can never be anywhere in germany . "
you know , if you want young people with the resources that you need , you know , you 're going to give them the support that you need to make ideas , and you 're going to create catalysores for urban growth .
and then , the food , electricity transportation and communication costs have a lot of a lot of times .
now , if you look at the way that these chemicals are organized , that gives us a pretty good picture of how they were .
and then they 're expanding their piles , they 're in front of their head , and they 're going to look down and they 're hard to look , and they 're going to start telling their stories .
maybe i did it with good reason .
the mantra of my father was , " yes , you can do that  ⁇  you can . "
i don 't know what i 'm missing .
today , we started to talk about the limits of the limits , but when we remove these limits , the only limit is our imagination .
they 're going to confirm it , because the evidence that you 're in a former form , you 're not as much as you would like to be in the evidence .
so scott gets this call .
he 's this dynamic group of young people , and they give him a chance .
and most people understand that , but they believe that this is one of the inputs of others .
and it was an incredible experience .
it touched something very deeply deeply deeply deeply identity , the ability to contribute something to a community , to a perspective of hope .
and that was grandios .
none of these extreme decisions , in the decisions that someone would recommend people if they 're going to be the future financial charges that they 're important .
the human being in the mouth , it 's like a cooperator .
about an hour after she got home , after i got her home , she collapsed , and she called 911 . the rescue boxes , and she brought back to the emergency room with a 50 blood pressure , and that 's a half-to-human .
and so every book here , and every single little melting , and every world gets a little melting up here , and i 'm going to go to the magic device .
this might be to be a hydrant to reject a uncompetitive , unknown jets , to turn a trashboard with a thylacine .
the storytelling has to be more and more senses .
it 's about understanding the nuances of language .
and if you generalize it , that 's what happens .
so our goal is not really hard to see .
i 'm going to get into it .
i represent people in death cells .
you 're going to decide now about your life .
they gave them a stack of cognition tests , and the answer was , actually , not .
who would ever want one of you ?
two flames are going to mean " hot . "
and if you go to the britney store , you remember a funny and cdoc , you know , you 're going to tell you about a funny antiocode that you wanted to talk .
these elderly people come to me and say , " mrson , stevenon , you talk , you know . you tell people that you should listen to the fact that we have to do it for the first time in our national terrorism , after 9  ⁇  11 . "
i mean , you have to start somewhere , right ? "
i resided to a hospital in toronto as a woman printer to me in the emergency room .
they competed for who could compete for the order of a mixed maps of maps , the fastest .
this is not a bet . this is how information spreads .
we can do that for ourselves .
a typical walmart is offering you today 're going to have 100,000 products .
" tree . "
well , in fact , the number of violence hasn 't changed very much .
we put six different taste cigaretes of mary or 24 different tastes of martum , and we looked at two things : first of all , what would i stay more people and mary ?
he gave them the chance to come from the paralyzed state of wita hotodod .
he talked to the family , and i 'm sure he was going to be the wireless and confident that i wouldn 't suck .
i even want to go back to trust trustworthy .
and they realized that the city never bought these hydrants .
apple , apple , blew . is there anybody there ?
and by making sure that a transparent screens and deeper and deep cameras are combined to the fingers and the face , you can now put your hands up from the keyboard , up in the three-dimensional gum and pixels with the hands .
you remember ? a lot of hydrogen sars , great players , general agreement about what a good hollywood movie is .
i started teaching in chicago in a while ago .
do we really think that we 're going to get to what we have to do without the institution that can be able to do in the name of all of us ?
and that 's with a method of recommendation , analogy to reproduce . "
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
this map grows and it 's lighting and diminishing for orientation in the rest of the book .
it was known as memory palace .
i 'm not sure what to answer .
what is it that wear a uniform and wearing that office ?
it could be a nice epilogil for my research .
freud was going to write about it later .
jimmy kimm sky was the tweet that ended up doing so popular .
by digging the object , we 're going to digitize it from the limitations of space and time , and by doing human movements now , and then , you know , and you can get it through the real world , and you know , and you can get it to the human movements , and you know , and you know , and you know , and you can get it permanently put down and you down the right world .
what do these people need ?
we have the capital of the techno-philotanopen .
we can do better with more categories than we can deal with more choices .
well , because you don 't know it was different once .
the ceo chief 's right here .
after we saw a few of these buildings -- there are a lot of them in the city -- we realized that they have three key features .
i made the decision to move to the united states .
and what was fascinating is that there was a time to train the idea of being the memory , discipline , to cultivate , not to be close to strangers like today .
and that 's what i 've drawn me in the ban , i wanted to know how these people do this .
but thinking in a way that integrates our own life .
and there 's the idea that if we ban those who make mistakes from medicine that we have a safe system .
i don 't shrink the travelers of the 20s here , but the ones that don 't count , by the way , are not a discovery driver .
and more and more people came in , just because they were angry .
instead of sending them to the third world , we send them to rathrooms .
recession . standstill . doomsday . egypt . syria .
it got very silent . and then a woman said , " with our story , it 's impossible that we 're ever going to kill the systematic killings of people .
well , the name baker doesn 't mean anything .
this gave you an evolutionary advantage .
and one day , emma got very low-friended and almost wine for the entire hour .
and for me , that 's time to stop thinking and talk about the poor who were benign , who never going to be at ted .
a mouth , who says where it 's going , " you know , " you know , " go . "
my parents always bled me that i was able to make sure that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the beaphopard " general hospital " pitals . "
but if you look at this movie a lot of times , you can see how extraordinary it is .
you all know the healthy shame if you give a secret to your friend 's best friend , although you get a vanished , and you get caught up and you get the best friend confronted with it and my confronts a terrific conversation , but when you end up going to a bad end , and you 're going to make you mistake like that .
you know ? thank you .
and the next interesting phase took about another billion years to do this .
and then there 's the stigma .
you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes of category against those of you in the category of an hour ?
so my suggestion is , you 're going to do young people with entrepreneurs , and you 're going to get their own innovations , and you 're going to get more stories about flowers and peace parks instead of automobiles and witood .
and depending on how we can predict the structure and the function .
we expect a couple of extraordinary decades .
i started with my common talk .
i think that we have a lot of mass-haul-hafing world that has changed our world .
and she did .
and that doesn 't tell us a lot .
they need expertise and support to make them work , and they need to start their business and start .
emma needed a better life , and i knew that was your chance .
the rocks are color-coded .
and it 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein is going to evolve .
what happened here ?
and the most successful studio of all time is producing a classic after the other day , and every single one of you is about a boy or a man , or two men , who are friends , or a man , or a son , or his son , or two men , or two men , a little girl who raise a little girl .
the little bit of the smallness that we added was that we asked people to think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were to save money .
there was jimmy kimmy wake .
and his answer was yes .
and we were live  ⁇ 
now , who 's ready for that journey .
it 's about creating social effects .
if you think that the left side of the tv shows , and the ad is jazz on the right , you clap your hands into your hands .
this group will go well , i think .
trust is the response .
we created a valuable contribution by putting solar panels on the roof .
ted wasn 't born in 1984 , b.c. ,
my uncle died of alcoholic diseases .
here 's the problem : if i don 't close with my mistakes and talk about you , if i 'm quietly going to talk about the voice that tells me what 's really going on , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
the opening software takes a few years to do it .
what are these three billion people going to bring ?
and i said , " yeah , very , very , very , very . "
i 'm going to stop that .
the poor apsaras were caught in kammer for thousands of years in an old muffalo .
and you could have put them together with state performance if they had been needed , but a neighbor is a much better and cheaper alternative to state services .
he described one of them as a very common one .
the site is in egyptian alfayy , and it 's very significant because in the middle of the rich , there was a big renaissance for algyptian art , architecture and religion .
on a beautiful day in maduicu , under azurbulent sky , an automobile goes into the air .
but the nine-foot supermarket , the ninth largest supermarket of the world is aledi , and you only have 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in dosens .
young people promise from town , from their grand city dreams , opportunities , work , rich , but young people don 't have a prosperity of their cities .
it brings images and texts together and animation , sounds and touch .
and that 's what you 're going to call a mouth .
it 's not as many procedures as the number of women we 've just chosen in congress , so that 's good .
and when these people came and looked at who the best protein homemade in the world was not a collaborator , either a catalyst , it was somebody from england , some woman who was a day over as a businessman in a rehabilitants and worked at the best protein-life clinic waiting for the world .
please help us and try to improve the health not just , but to take your hand .
she 's much better this year . she 's on the rise .
and i was like , if i doubled my efforts to perfection , never again , a mistake that the voice could be understood .
so we 're going to overlast our brains , because our brain is just not really accepting that it doesn 't really make sense .
i went to the trucks , and i went down and interviewed people in office and i interviewed all the city . i learned a lot , but i was still a little bit of a page .
what you need is an environment that you need to do that .
where the nail used to be in the old days .
and it was something that you wanted to be near your own .
cats look at cats that look at this video .
so i followed my gut sensation .
it seems like you 're going to use the part of your memory that 's used for the spatial and navigate .
but at the end of the day , it 's about how we interpret the world , and how it can be made on a two-dimensional space .
you could just show the slide .
and the fat-sized english-speaking people that had a common thing : they started to re-funder .
each of these issues , of course , were made of many , many smaller decisions .
yeah , i 'm afraid of privileged , carefully , anti-speaking .
it might seem strange , but i 'm a big fan of concrete blocks .
because ultimately , we 're talking about hope , more engagement , more engagement , more hingabes to be able to confirm in a complex world .
there 's even research areas like comparative religious science and compare literature .
a whole remix community shot from the ground that made it from a dumb joke to something that we all can participate in .
if you ever have the chance you should have to work in your urban center , like our furious scott silverman as part of the program -- in fact , you all see that people are calling a lot of different issues , including a dye , including in your house .
in fact , i made two mistakes .
here 's her martading gang .
and it 's partly doing it with methods that we don 't even understand right now .
and that 's why it 's not being seen as a big loss .
what you find is that the people who go from the many to the guts of the choices are going to be able to go and pick the standard selections and keep going away .
i 'm going to talk about a little little idea .
she said , " that 's going to make you very , very tired . "
the only thing i did is that the order of the order of the order that i 've been present to you in that information .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but interesting , when these triplets learned a trick about abstract action .
so if somebody wants a hundred million copies of my visual map , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everybody in this room , and even for everybody in the world , and it 's right here .
i was kind of like the homework assessment of the active .
thank you very much .
on the other side of the spectrum , i learned .
it 's a choice between freedom and control .
so in a study that i did with smole beno benzi and alessandro pivreero , we did a study with the people ingredients -- employees who were all working for all of these people -- and all of these people in a collection where they were part of their participants .
so by adding color , contrast and brightness in the edge of the individual images , adopted photographer , like fields , dirty color and disorders , we can use the borders between the different images and what they look like , although a single image can contain a picture of hundreds of levels of levels of different images .
maybe i didn 't want to be the helpful doctor .
the reason for that is , the government could go back and get a text message .
and they 're also going to be called by my general cardiac , so that it can see where my weight problem is , not just the moment i need to take care of cardiologically support or whatever , but also with a glimpse of the past .
and to win , the device has to be diagnosed as a team of high-quality doctors .
because -- let 's face it .
we didn 't write these apps .
so what did we do ? we did crowdsourcing in the netherlands .
i have a very complicated , messy idea in my head .
it 's the story of the desired , unemployed urban youth , and the people who are in johannesburg and london , and they 're going to be like , " wita , " and "
and today , we 're all also feeling as a propertier of our pop culture .
i wouldn 't go and target that .
that 's what i trust .
second , let 's get to the goal .
think about wood people , think about his nemes as a professor moriarty , this geniusal criminal cup .
they have the properties of a fractal geometry , and that helped me to design the entire facade .
the white lines are for the population .
and then he looked me in the face and said , " oh no , you don 't do crazy because of the conversation with grandma ? "
it 's a previous one , as if we 'd have engineered us and even with beloved toys . with things like iphone and apps and social media , or algorithms , the automatic entrance .
and littlests are electronic modules that have a specific function .
i want to talk to you about a young man who took one of my meetings : mohamed mohamoudo , a florist .
the ground was replaced by a yellow pavement , and from your oven dorothy , the zerman , birds and the lions from " oz " oz " and " hang on hand .
but a particular cellow , a guy named michael saber , noticed something else , and that was that the citizens shipped the sidewalk , right in front of these parts .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a hydrant .
and to beat the x-ray , and he said , " he 'd have to close the sarg . "
of course , a lot of people , scientists , confirm that it was really different .
does the novel look out of the road ? i 'm not sure .
and that 's what he did , and when he stood up in the right under sector , he called the operators .
using your magic shoes to get the computers to get the poor of the bad hex of the west . "
i had a 14-year-old , poor black boy as a mandant .
you might think it 's better than you 're talking about 30 , you know , it 's better than you 're talking to you than 20 or 25 , and i 'm going to listen to you .
and we 've also seen this in cell phones .
politics doesn 't change ; the government is changing .
but you know what ?
but i kept asking these questions .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and this distance has gotten smaller , smaller and smaller and smaller , and smaller , and smaller than a million times , the thickness of a tocreen , and computers have become accessible for every one .
our goal was to change the negative image of americans arabic origin in media and to remind casting conditions , that south asia and arabia are not synony .
although aluminuminum is 8.3 percent of the earth mass , it 's not going to be a pure metal .
so i think that eggs don 't get us to do violent or illegal things .
i know i 'm never going to feel more lonely or powerless .
the idea of memory palette is to build a building in front of a eye and fill it with images of the things -- the more crazy , bizarre , dirty , dirty , stink , stink , stinking , the image , so that 's so hard to make it a memory .
they force us to work and be aware of careful in a way that we don 't normally care .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life , and when that 's what they do , people make mistakes too time .
so muhamed looked at an opportunity .
he used a similar technique to the exact same order of 40 random numbers in a half an hour .
you 're going to be up to it if it 's sniffing it .
three out of 10 .
almost a hundred years later , in 194 ⁇  , lego came out here .
in fact , i was so much about self-certainty , that i was asking the nurse , what is the wife career , " believe that 's okay if you go home ? "
i want to end with a story that really excitedly got me .
and sure enough , we could have released these hydrants all the time , and a lot of people do that .
if you didn 't remove the waste , every day , efficiently and effective , it would be quilling out of the containers and the people that would threaten us to very real change .
it was completely excluded that it could fail .
and it 's spreadless , organic , of course .
she was a brave , strong wife , she had effect .
she was born around 1880 , and the experience of slavery formed the world very strongly .
well , really good , maybe a  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  good  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  good  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  good  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  good  ⁇  good  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  good  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  good  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  really good  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  really good  ⁇  really good  ⁇   ⁇  really good  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  really good  ⁇   ⁇  really
my journey with this is why i got into a couple of very special places .
photos like this : a building block along a lot of dangers street .
and that was what i felt .
i looked through the dutch wall , and she looked at the other side .
the fact is that the media preferred to show us negative issues because our minds have been able to focus on those issues .
it also makes the idea of the tore .
that 's not --
we all want alternative energy sources that can be able to keep the price . but there 's no one .
and one of the things that we 've done is i 'd like to share with you a quick video .
but what do we do with that ?
but this story takes another way .
the shouting for " doors " looks like a salonto from the wild west .
why didn 't i ask the topic ? why did i send them home ?
it 's about changing the norms .
but where would the next ae to help this patient ?
so when i look at video online video , i see comments like , " ey , why is it that ? "
they were still fish .
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
of course , the chance of randomly randomly elected instructions are very small that they 're going to care very quickly , so you don 't think that you 're going to do this .
and then this community of people who were part of this big insider , and started talking about it and playing around with it .
i 'm palestinian , muslim , female , and i 'm alive in new jersey .
okay . everyone is ready to take gary 's off .
tricks work because they 're building on some simple ideas about the way we 're doing our brain works .
obi-wan kenbi and glinda .
and we 're going to put an evolution process in the machine that 's going on in the microscopic area .
and so -- here 's " this box belongs to you -- " i 'm writing my name .
and i went back through the same turt and even despair , and i felt liberated and i was due to the work until it was happening , and again .
innovation , creativity , and development not just come from our heads .
all adults were aware of risks .
think about that a group of students today can affect the life of billions of people .
" 30 is the new 20 , " alex , and as far as i could appreciate that , she was right .
these are the most overreight of them when people thought about languages and rhetorics in spatial terms .
i tried to understand them .
there 's the chance to do something .
she had not suffered a treatable brain damage .
and it was my job to stay wake up every night until your alphum got to wake you up .
and in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that a placeophouse in my hospital had taken the wrong leg , then you think i had trouble looking at problems in him .
i got down to the degree of graduate , and they slide me into a studio , and i sat down on a ring chair with a roll .
and when i wanted to go back to the book , i realized that some of my other classmates had pretty good grades .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people about things that they don 't believe .
i think eggs is all about the amateur chroman writers , and that 's what we 're doing .
she wasn 't allowed to get her down .
because all these new technologies are feeding themselves .
everybody loved me .
in 2011 , under the 100 most popular films , what do you think of , in fact , a female mandarinine makers ?
" everything 's going to be good . "
and so he takes the remaining hand and he 's going through the trunks to the dead .
some of my smartest kids don 't get very good .
one even suggested to take my disabilities in the creeds : turn , a comicator , comician , cerebral palsy .
so let 's look at the numbers .
books are like a magical tor . i have a connection to people of the past and the present .
she said , " your mommy is my baby , and you have to promise you 're always going to care . "
i want to close you a little bit of your eyes .
but let 's do what character does if you 're not sure if you 're in the owner of a puzzle .
because obviously , an animal that 's very often very rarely rarely rarely before it dies .
let me summarize you .
mohamed don 't just sell flowers .
what we can measure in education is the best iq . but what if we get to school and live in a lot more than the capacity to learn and learn ?
ladies and gentlemen , which gives me tremendous faith in our future is the fact that we have more power than individuals to put our big challenges on our planet .
i don 't think that 's the fault of the general entertainment culture .
here in california , for example , you 'll spend a billion dollars in the next five years on the death penalty .
thank you for being at ted . thank you very much .
and i 'm going back to work .
because windows and files have a position in the actual space , you can choose to choose them as easily as you 're going to get a book from a shelf .
i went there , because i grew up in europe , and i wanted to work later in africa .
my current activity is to design objects with such high complexity that it 's impossible for me to design these traditional sense .
i did all the homeworks that didn 't get so smart kids , got in all my courses , got in all their courses , got all their courses .
the third technique : categorization .
and from me , a figure going to be in the book .
and this might not look like a lot , but if you look at the most popular stones that are used by youth in the middle of the middle of the middle , you find exactly those stones .
and although their 20s were hard , their years before that were even worse .
either it 's going to be a classic sink like this , until something very new , or it 's going to happen here .
how about giving the oppression , wherever you are , a voice to make careful and make change , for the very first time ?
i want to tell you about some of the puzzle pieces .
and when i went back 2 ⁇  years later , the fish was shrinked half of its size .
and that led me to use satellite imagery .
something very strange is happening here .
so far , this was a problem for supercomputer .
 ⁇  sanimate  ⁇  "  ⁇  "  ⁇  "  ⁇  "  ⁇  "  ⁇  "  ⁇  "  ⁇  "  ⁇  " san hijini  ⁇  1995 i got to the united states . and what books have i read first ?
but in the current political climate , there 's no hope that the energy policy of the united states or the international income that these opinions will be re-faced and reproduced .
now , he 's on the red list of danger .
and then there were only six arabs in my town , and all of my family were .
and then they all crash right into your pets .
we want to lower the number of hats .
i thought , " oh , i 'm talking . i 'm hanging it . "
we 're always creating new tensions and conflicts .
and all of this thought was just a few minutes .
so i want to suggest a couple of ways that we can think about stadiggy disruption to improve the stigma and get them into this conversation , how to create a city that 's sustainable and human .
right .
for instance , the fish was taken on a logging flight .
i said , " i 'm a lawyer . " he said , " you 're a lawyer ? " i said , " yeah . "
we just crossed the  ⁇  billion market .
and we couldn 't understand how anyone could do this , and how much the speech would be restricted to the freedom .
so i wanted to create something else , something that starts with the process when the trigger is expressed .
so you don 't lose a lot of previous animals .
all over our public day , in our institutions , this problem , and this is to control trustworthiness and credibility , but leads to the opposite .
now i 'm saying , " computers , now , take the 10 percent of the sequences that i 've come to the next .
you can 't put them wrong with that .
it 's a tragedy after the other .
in fact , he collected fish .
so we have the situation that people don 't know the past , even though we live in environments , because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
i love this one , " watson 's watson 's wars . "
oh my god  ⁇ 
he was only three days away .
and we 're constantly increasing our expectations all the time .
are they smarter than we are ?
good friends are primates to come to the airport , but 20s that are going to be at a very high time with people who think like you , so you know , a border , you know who you know , you know , how you think and how you talk and where you 're working .
she 's the most brilliant and weirdest wife of american literature .
you can put a switch in between , and you can make a little dial .
you know , if you 're in your 20s .
even somebody who kills you , not just a murder .
but the most of all , it was just to fly to the moon .
it took 40 years to make it happen until that trend was going through -- interestingly -- another movie that a typ from metal and a guy with a lot of a girl , and they 're going to have a lot of time , and they 're going to get out like the wake of the enemy .
even to your risk-based times , you know , risk-born babies , little facilities . tiny investments with a statement in 10 years .
sometimes i lose the balance . i 'll end up with a story .
now , tosh.0 , there were on writing a lot of blogs on writing about it .
this business , it was almost like a compared cardiovascular .
but i never read a study that could explain your loneliness , your loneliness or your macrollen nerve .
hopefully , at the beginning of the next year , because we 've done the construction until the age of 5th floor .
most of the mass-based mental illnesses in this country really didn 't really find in the class of violence .
so it 's more about capturing an idea than really a moment .
and so i said , you know , you 'll look for something that you 'd keep going .
a couple of years ago , i wanted to report on this competition as a science journalist , and i expected the years of the world to find the same thing .
the transistor was a little plasticity that would be able to stack us from a world of static , stacked construction block to a world where everything was interactive .
we 've heard this in the last two days at ted .
well , it was friday , that 's right .
september 10 , 10 , disabled mapmaces .
here 's a quick video of what we 're doing .
and i think that i think that the art and the movie might fill the gap , and simulations .
so i left the classroom and i made a training studio to psychologist .
and then it got international .
i think there 's possibility everywhere .
and every time it divided , it 's part of the chemicals that are being injusted to inequalty .
the guts from the laorms came from the rest of the world .
this is a story that shows how it can go .
today , a lot of people have given up the government .
they 're barely filled by sand , and they 're hard to see .
thank you very much .
and so i started to look at the world of technology to see how i could use it rather than killing it .
in a city where it shouldn 't happen , because you have a pretty mild weather , which is over the course of 20 to 25 degrees .
in fact , the trunks who grew up in the growth of the optimal setting faster than others and integrated more and more chemicals and more quickly divided from the chemicals and share faster .
one of three male black between 18 and 30 is in prison , in prison or discourse , or with demanded strategication .
this is a highly unprecedented category .
they were genetically expressed .
i was here in the short time i realized this : ted has an identity .
that 's crazy .
literature alone can tame them , harm them .
i find this stigma especially ironic , because i firmly believe that the stadigma is the most important workforce in the city , and that 's three reasons .
" so she 's back , " she said in this particular sound .
