and that worked . applause for scot .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they gave up to the events .
thank you very much .
now we have " three-percent " law that people always bring behind bars , for a bicycleieft , for theft , the lowering good , rather than just having to put it back to the victims .
we have a cognitive mistake , so we can take a perfect disease to a patient with a chest pain .
and so roman speakers , you know , didn 't know what the tough speaker was -- not just a word for word that was confusing , but subject matter .
and what we found was that there was actually a context .
and my little startup would like us to force ourselves to the environment , by --
and there 's a generation that grew up with the internet , and the idea that it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build systems .
it was a way to work with the parent , and you know what the right public schools are for their children .
and it 's now hundreds of thousands of people who 've played the game online .
take a moment to thank you .
so a lot of things for the goal .
tanan le , an anonymous resident of fokraine , was now tanzan , refugee , refugee , refugee , and social activist who was invited to the locations that she 'd never heard of , and in residencies that there 's no existence she could never have imagined .
she 's not a birth defect . you can 't get her .
it 's not our problem .
and if you take a picture and you take a camera , the process ends up in the process , if you press the trigger .
in other words , you 've found in this ghless , evolutionary kind of way that allowed them to write down , to write down , so that this information could be stored and copied .
and that 's sterry .
but mr. olbermann invited me not just again , but i went to a full-time middle worker , and stuck my chair .
okay , there 's a couple .
this year , it was almost 50 million times .
it 's the average performance of the bat .
they can express their own minds , at every channel , and they do it .
there 's some very interesting developments .
we didn 't have words for what we started there .
we want to encourage the world of creators , the inventor , the participant , because this world that we live in , this interactive world , belongs to us .
this is basically what i 'm going to talk about here .
if we don 't involve young people in the growth of the city , if we don 't offer them possibilities , " waithod , " which will be the one that makes you asleep in terrorism , in violence and gangs , in the third world .
simple .
everybody is a shower .
but after a certain period of time , i had developed a routine .
and as soon as the judge saw me .
and it 's exciting because i teach my students about slavery in my career . i talk about slavery .
so i became a comic kid .
you can go to the website , download all the design principles and make it yourself .
so the moral of the story is , much less of a way of thinking about trust , or thinking about a framework that will be found correctly or reviewed , and a lot more about trustworthiness , and how to bring people to the point of trustworthiness , and how to bring to the people , and how to be useful and simple evidence of trustworthiness .
it 's a hungry sense that it 's going to be federally .
you say you 're not going to forget the names of the dying .
i met people in all the life , so many of you did what you loved , living on the borders of possible .
first of all , how accidental she goes -- in good times , war or peace , depression and high point , and high-level start .
i don 't know why i 'm never going to be arrested for that .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the mid- 18th century .
a pretty square thing really isn 't a place to compare what many others have gone through .
i might want to remind you of this culture of compounding .
and that 's the result of faster computers building more rapidly , and they 're building more quickly computers .
and what we found was that the more fund were offered , in fact , that , in fact , the decrease was limited .
now , steve pinker showed us that we live in a very peaceful era of human history right now .
and when the sun and the moon seem to be together , it means " brightness . "
for time , apollo was not just one of the west about the east during the cold war .
if you have a foreign language , it 's fun to read the textbooks in two languages .
i know from my own experience that the princess leain does not take the adrenade image that i could have been able to use to find through the world of adult and boys and boys together .
so i was turning books on .
but i didn 't read so much about how boys are with this influence .
i gave her a spiral . i gave her medicine to take the pressure of the heart .
if you don 't , you can take it away .
so these communities started to develop , so that the level that the evolution has happened , is not the individual cell , but the whole cells community that we call the organism .
and that 's what these cells plotted up -- that made them happy for another billion years .
it 's not just a call center .
and if you 're on vacation and someone 's interrupting , be your own relationships or anyone else , you can find a wired .
here 's an example of a project that they did , a motor-controlled canon .
it 's so mysterious , so profound .
but later , it sounds like this . " my 20s are nearly over , and i don 't have anything to show .
" ey , is that nuts ? "
he 's suffering from memory loss and he 's probably the worst memory in the world .
she really stuck me so hard that i could barely breathe . then she let me go .
the first story is charles darwin , one of my heroes .
kim peek know .
how do i teach kids a solid work ethic ?
she said , " amenword ? " i said , " yeah . "
if you know something about government technology , you know it 's not going like that .
and so i can run an evolution over millions of years in computer in less minutes . or in more complicated cases , some hours .
in the next book , we 're going to use an interaction with the video of the ipad , and we 're going to see an animation from 11 , and see that appear on a plant from the house .
but the king of siam got aluminum contagion .
and then a letter falls down for me -- and the ipad knows where i 'm wearing gps -- which is true to me .
the next group of eight scripted cards together , creates another 32 words .
i 've talked a lot about magic .
why did they go ? to the amyynch ? they went because president kennedyan 's soviets wanted to show that his nation had a better rockets .
both are strong descriptions because we don 't look at the problem just like we should .
he came up to me and hugged me .
the best time to plan your marriage is before you have one , and that means to be as essential in love as well as your work search .
there was no work , and there was no opportunity .
everybody who was so , they started to divide .
i even wrote to the guiltor and on the host of a radio show .
now , to decide not to buy a glass of marmade is probably good for us -- at least it 's good for our waistline -- but it turns out that the decision-making problem is also helps us to make us very successful decisions .
i tried to say something about our just sketch system .
we know that the person who 's going to change more than the 20s , and eventually in life , and that the fertility of women reaches 28 , and that after 35 things get complicated .
and the women came along with their stories of men who didn 't take the change and inferior and inflexively crowded kids , and they 'd be happy , they 'd be caught between two worlds .
and who would make most of the money .
i 'm a main character with the comedy circuit , and i 'm traveling around the world .
and in this line , nobetrans from a public in germany , the egyptian government had sold a few programs that they had -- in a very large-scale form of communication -- all egyptian citizens could capture .
this is what psychologists call a ah-ha moment .
three billion new minds that we 've never heard of before will join the global communication .
and that 's not even anything .
the moon landing was happening before a very long period of technological triumph .
so i thought , if you compare randomly reading in the research , why not in daily life ?
or bomb .
and that all leads to one big question --
i think it 's his ability to recognize and use a new opportunity .
and so you actually create digital collection of photos that you can then put online .
we all have navigation systems in our cars .
and maybe that 's the reality .
if you think of " avatar " , if you think about why people were so touched by this -- apart from the point of view , why were you so touched by the world of pictures ?
i gave all fours and myself myself i was a sergeant , because i was also conscious all the time .
you know , as a parent that has the privilege of raising a daughter , just like those of you who do the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming , and we want to prepare them .
so we teamed up with egyptian scientists to do hollows , and we 're doing what you can see here .
alone , shame and not support .
here and today in alabama , 34 percent of the male population lost their choice .
you still describe the brochure as untouched .
it 's it , very simple .
we 're not going to mars because everybody thinks there 's more important things on earth that have to be done .
pretty simple .
i love looking at my own favorite films with my kids . when my daughter was four years old , we looked at " the magician by oz . "
in new york , i was teaching math for you to train .
and at the end of the day , i packed my stuff , and i fell in love with the hospital and i went to the car to the house when i did something that i didn 't otherwise .
what if i had forced to the same state of waithod ?
and so we don 't really understand what the meaning that our actions have in the historical context .
but that explanation is not good enough to me .
we remember when we 're engaged .
what kind of scripts you can write , where does that happen ?
here 's me , an online dory tide tables .
in the plans that were going to be almost 60 fundraising , the majority of them dropped to about the sixty-ditch-and-a-half percent .
and because that 's the way , there 's a basic human dignity that the law has to respect .
it was my first sunburn .
so the nervous system has the evolution process with this particular information structure because evolution could take place inside of an individual .
yes , people are going to be referred to home as soon as they used to , but that 's what alex 's not going to be a case of development .
we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects that we all can connect with in a three-dimensional world .
it 's not important whether i like the job or not .
you can 't rebuild the other thing you give .
look .
this is the call center for service and information .
there 's going to be this little hyper-exploilder that you 're going to plug into an iphone or something like that .
because i think the key to the best possible choice is that you 're selective in choosing .
after just a journey there .
they use their hands to write applications that improve government .
and here 's each piece of this very well planned .
well , it turns out they 're right .
but the thing that amazes me is , why was it that i was so good at rubbing this little girl ?
that i had written these crazy things .
the basis for a lot of these technologies , and they grow larger than they grow .
they didn 't bring back a lot . they didn 't take a lot of back to the age of 380 kilogram and something that every 24 later concrete -- a new point of view that our collective home is small and fragile .
i lived in parallel .
it 's so easy to help them .
how interested you are .
i didn 't take the listener and do what i should have been to call on my top of the phone to tell him that he had a chance to have a shot of himself .
i gave homework assignments .
yeah , at broadway . crazy .
ohhhhhh .
aluminum was the most valuable trail on the planet at that time , more valuable than gold and platinum .
for example , i realized that " happiness " is literally translated " in chinese restaurant " slum joy . "
a kid in london is the picture of a fox and says , " oh , i 've seen a fox . "
this is a mountain .
we 're more than that , we 're citizens .
this is alfred gonzalez .
we 've already got a lot of process .
so we know from our daily lives that can look like different , but why do we know that when we think more abstractly about trust ?
i wanted to know you -- as individuals .
i was allowed to run up the red carpet next to soap operator , susan lucid , and the iconic lorraine arbus .
so the things that make a realistic view , i think are the things we don 't think about , that are the things that we don 't think about all the things around us in our daily lives .
we have to try and test our best ideas and test them in a strong way .
in 2030 , three of them will be in the cities of the age of 18 .
anyone who comes here will confirm that he or she has an average memory .
is it even photographic ?
for those non-engineers , little-lived insights , electronics got just another one more material .
now , it 's like that developers , corporate leaders and economists , in general , are all the same points of view , which are the national hands and international boundaries going to advance the development of alternatives energies , mostly to a substantial increase in science and development and energy technologies and energy and a price tag from carbon .
so it 's a feedback .
this view is actually , you get through a head-down or through the device , and you get the geometry of our body .
but our hands still remain outside the screen .
tell ourselves stories about the life of other people and they make it miserable because it 's designed to be designed to be done by us .
when there was nothing left him , he left his village , and he went to town in this case , psychiatric , the capital of somalia .
i said , " i 'm going to listen . "
he 's a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life of the simple hope of unified collection of his home and freedom of his home .
thank you very much .
it 's a remarkable statistical .
thank you very much .
photos you have to think for a moment to figure out the trick .
and one day i sat there and i heard this woman , and after a few hours , i turned to him , i said , " well , bryan , tell me what the " initiative is right for the same . "
you go from the little choices too many , and then you stay with it .
we love technology and creativity .
i 'm going to refer to a statistical i hope most of you have heard of .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
we have access to tools using exponentially-minded technology .
i think we have to do something about a change-of-the-art-art-art-viewed piece of medicine .
nobody has the uterus of my mother forgive me , and i didn 't get it because my parents are first cousins of what they are .
the more opportunities they had , the more they were , the more they put their money in the grassroots .
we have three main groups .
at the age of 2 ⁇  , i left a working job in the business consulting task for teaching a more effort : teaching .
solar technology is --
but as well as none of these films did the czech test .
we 've developed an app for layararararar , expanded reality to find this wired ahe .
it 's very simple . there are only three questions you need to ask : is there more than one character in the movie that 's female and something ?
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
jealousy is exhausted .
oh my god .
but western governments also help themselves .
your work , i think , is kind of a little bit more lit .
but kennedy 's words from 1962 at the rice university are going to give a better indication .
now , if you look at the extremes , the plans that offered two funds , some kind of groupers in the seventies -- still not as high as we want .
so you have to put out the ipad and put out the fireflies and the fireflies .
emma came to my office when she was 25 , because she was , as she said , it was , an identity crisis .
after a four-year-old and a film , saucer sail a boat on the lake , and as a fisherman bomb .
lights , notes , solidars , motors , -- all should be available .
and then it happened again .
but if i had grown up with social media , i might not have been here .
i 'm just going to khota , an interactive ipad .
and then you go into your house and you look at the cookie monastery on the back of mr. ed. ed .
we want to do something about death penalty .
" cloud computing " -- something that my friends at car-finite-explaces " have " in the open-source version , " sensors and networks , robots , 3d printers that allow us to democratize the personal production of our planet , synthetic biology , vaccines and digital medicine , nano-material intelligence and artificial intelligence .
maybe it 's not just the spark of a bright dress .
well , let 's go .
we all love baseball , right ?
but you can also think differently about it , depending on how we see our identity .
secondly , i said , " the urban slippy conference is over .
but i didn 't get it .
i started feeling better .
and for her life , she had a job , and she was the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
" remember the patient with the same grazone ? "
and what we looked at was whether the number of funders that were possible to make a 401 plan , the odds that would be more likely to be saved , if more tomorrow .
and this shows that , in this position of iji , in five feet deep , we can find a sequence of over a hundred years , and then go back to the middle of the period , to the exacle , where we blend the existence of itji .
and that was the beginning of a very odd journey to me .
we 'd never let anyone fly to an airplane , if for nine planes that would pick up , a crash .
i spent most of the next year not just to train my memory , but also to study it and understand how it works , why it sometimes doesn 't work , and what might be possible .
and then there 's the danger .
so appeyologist always knew that the site of i.d. had been able to move anywhere near the pyramids , and they 're looking from the two kings here , and there 's the red circles , but somewhere in this massive , massive , swollen plane .
they take it back and give me the money , or some of the sock in the lit kind of color .
and this problem is , you often see , when you look at the long bullet points at all of these funds .
did he receive the flaps of an army to attack the government ?
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i started to explore this idea of how to put the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers .
i really wanted to find a solution that reacts to local climate conditions .
i had to see differently to map the past .
the ship comes from another place .
they 're not really doing anything .
today i start with eight scripts to show you how the method works .
when he comes up , there 's no opportunity , no work , no way to go .
who are these guys ? what do you learn ?
and the reason is changing . because , in this case , you know , it 's a tough reason or soft corals are getting a little bit more mist .
i think i 've probably heard more hands .
and people who became very familiar about 20 years ago will still be very familiar : rich , nurses .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew i needed several months to plan them to find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
if this machine is sequencing a rna or dna virus that 's not known , it 's calling the center of the health authorities and stops a pandemic from their outbreak .
and then i wonder , how could that happen ?
they 're bouncing together .
because the transition seems very , very confusing to be in the middle of it .
i probably shouldn 't .
and within a few years , lego in every house .
but you see , you know , it 's very interesting , and this is a very smooth , and you 're hinted at the circle that we 're going to get out as a possible position for the city of iji .
privacy is not a debate .
thirty years ago , this would have sounded a ridiculous thing .
because of the minority of the minority , i got a great scholarship on the asu , the arizona state university because i had a mantra .
now -- we can just jump this up -- i 'm going to just jump the video --
imagine the first piece : a man that 's burning , you know , a man that 's supposed to burn his life .
and i realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a nerdy , a newcommunication , newly , in the picture -- and not just okay , but something you have to be grateful for , maybe a gift of the boat .
this childhood ribal is brought back . you have to go out and take a picture of a flower and tag it .
but now the biggest force that 's going to lead us to a world of abundance .
this is the slide that reminds me of leaving the stage . thank you very much .
i want to talk about trust , and i want to remind you of the fears of the common opinions about trust .
as i said , one of the biggest stars -- justin beast -- justin beast -- was making his first youtube .
the question of death penalty is an interesting question .
the story of his creation is like this : there was a poet called simoniodes who was visiting a solid gold .
i think in many places , the opposite of poverty is the opposite of justice .
we change the world , but we don 't remember it .
any other feeling that we 're doing is going to look at some kind of weird intensity ?
i have to say it 's really boring , but before i did yoga , i was a stand-up comedian who can 't even stand .
this is something that 's going to be publicly broadcast .
so i 'm going to talk about what that might be , this transition that we 're in right now .
fifty percent of their decisions were made in nine minutes or less .
that 's the kind of teaching kingdom of shame .
we live on a planet that 's covered in  ⁇ 0 percent of water .
so i thought , well , that 's exactly what i really want to design , not a shopping mall .
remember that a large percentage of americans living under the poverty line , access to electricity , water , toilets , telephones , telephones , mobile phones , air plants and cars .
and that 's unprecedented , in history , this kind of recursive growth , from which increase the size of the order of magnitude every couple of years .
so i think the basics are very simple .
how does dorothy make your film to a good end ?
narrator : famine in somalia . announcer three : p.m. pepper spray of the police .
but 30 years of research , we 've taught that hungry for political crisis are the kastrrophobic effects of food distribution .
people were still happy .
in another chapter , you have to photograph a piece of the treasure and photograph it .
this is the kind of world i would like to raise my kids -- oz , right ? -- and not in the world , in the world , in the potle , which is pretty much like our world today .
and then i take the same patient with the same chest pain , and i waste it , and i make it and i have to get a pretty easy alcohol , and suddenly the story is through contemptive .
we have a justice system in this country that 's better than you 're rich and guilty as arm and innocent .
so , for example , the most sophisticated version of this communication type is human language .
that 's true .
i had to make sure it wasn 't free , and it was my job to learn that the story was trying to crush us , but we 're worried .
i want to tell you about a very bizarre competition that 's going to be held in the springtime in new york city every year .
the last step was to think about the cell , the little cell of the project , like the expansion , as a central part of the master plan .
the next morning , i woke up and i didn 't know if i was dreaming this crazy contract , or actually wrote it .
and she believed that these are the issues we should be taking care of .
thank you , i 'm finally free  ⁇  "
there 's a project at the moment in california just court justice system that has costing the taxpayer to two billion dollars so far , and it doesn 't work .
and if their employees can 't keep them apart , they can 't even use their customers . "
since 19 ⁇ 0 , there were no human being on the moon since then .
there 's a variety of ways of magic to connect the world and technology together .
a politics of fear and anger , we have convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
maybe there 's less hatred on the internet if there 's more positive stereotypes .
in the last fall , it had to go to the demo , because diginotar was covered .
his village is up near moogadish .
the story is not over yet .
so there 's a nice little game dynamic .
that our contribution to the system is that .
you know what you call a 400th-sens ?
my specialty area is people in the 20s , because i think that every single one of these 50 million knows what psychologists , neurologists and fruit and fruit-breedom specialists : the introduction of 20 people , and yet , the most basic things you can do for the work , for love , maybe for the world .
and at one point the screen is filled with leaves .
it 's going to win you from the back of a yellow-bun ,
and so every day , interesting people come up in the 20s , like you , or like your sons and daughters and daughters , to me and say something like , " i know , my friend doesn 't do good , but that relationship doesn 't count the time . "
but the business of the baker , we know about bakery .
and i remember it being like it yesterday .
and today , we don 't want to do this as a wired up as a wired up , but also as a wired .
" bride " means literally " new mom . " uh-oh .
we talked about that nothing changed since the ancient man of the ancient epicus " mahabharata . "
we went to the national bookstore competition , and we tried to predict what kids would come the most well .
and i don 't mean this necessarily , technically , the definition of the platform .
people died including members of apollo 1 .
we stood outside in front of the competition and ed , this wonderful , brilliant , brilliant , and something excentric english says to me , " yosh , you 're an american journalist .
i thought that a new rapid way of learning was useful to learn chinese .
so when you 're confronted with the problem of the government , don 't care so much about using their voices .
and i went to jealousy in that year , and i got a teluged plan to get it .
so a map is something that says about personal view .
my brother stared me .
the fisheries that hunted soccerate was very productive , and the fishermen lived well and made good living in ghana above the normal level .
this was before 9  ⁇  11 , and before politicians stopped it , " i hate moss " as a choice . "
at the end of one day , i was cooking a giant soup that we shared .
hi . i 'm kevin alloccca , trends in youtube . i 'm looking at youtube videos .
i 'm talking a lot about these questions .
at that point , the patient gets into play . they can not only be control over , and they can be captain on their own ship , but they can also help us to health care , in the face of challenges that are ahead of us , and the costlessly overtime , double and so on .
you want to be better and better at getting these crazy , colorful , dirty , dirty , little , and i hope you 'll keep dreaming of going on inside your eye .
we still think they 're primal .
they live in a world that has information and communication in the abundance of how no one could ever predict .
and it 's even better than that , the things you and i have spent several thousand dollars -- gps , hd video , and photo libraries , full of books and music , technology , medicine , and it 's literally going to be demographed and bill and cheaper in your cell phone .
i personally don 't accept that the building block of our time is reserved for experts , and so i decided to change that .
it 's not true that we can 't solve big problems with technology .
and i think the reason i think is that we 're going to find that there 's something in the orange .
they 've extended our lives and enriched .
people seem to think , politics is sexy .
in a depth of five meters , under a thick layer of mud , we found a layer of trolled in a layer of clay .
" honor , " i thought , " it 's so different and much better than you are . "
what 's important is that creativity that 's in the internet culture of tech and geeks .
but we need more .
you see the streets every day , regularly .
bicycles , all the travelers , and all the cruise . and the time we 're measuring in precarious places .
and i was catapulted from a piece of a puzzle to the next piece , and the edges didn 't fit together .
the next challenge came to us , when we looked at the site , because it 's in a real growth area of town , where most of the buildings you see on the slide are not there yet .
and the light the way that we can get through the rest of the book .
so all you have to do is , you have to put a blue and a green one and connect with one another , and they can build really fast-five circle .
if you don 't , i haven 't seen it yet .
and if you 're in a city like maastrichto , and somebody breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next couple of weeks , your microsoft word to find the next a.d. that can save lives .
but i can look at the questions , of course , that are supposed to be the source for believing that trust has gone back .
breakdown board seats and deport them up .
we can , we have to , but we have to have to have these four elements to be there : leaders and the public have to be interested in solving a problem ; institutions must be the solution ; it has to be a technical issue ; and we have to understand it .
you know , books always might be with you .
at that point , i was denied the cardiology grand layer in cardiology .
at the time , when the great indian warrior , arjuna was thirst , he took a bow , and he got out of the ground and water .
we 're going back to the past that people can 't understand , because the norms have changed and are very low .
i had what your sister had . go ahead and drink a beer . "
we don 't like to talk about our story .
first of all , i told emma , she didn 't have an identity crisis , she should be a family , rather , have an identity capital .
and the stance is that if you think about yourself as a future plan , not just for a week or a month , but for years , and really hard to work to make this plan .
and i got a bad sunburn and i convinced that i didn 't really come from there .
so a app that 's written in a couple of days , and then it 's spreading by itself , is a kind of like the bow on the institution of the government .
in about 20 years of the medical attention of the control and journalism , i 've made a personal study about medical errors and wrong medical treatments for anything i could find for one of my first papers that i 'm going to the to the toto guide my " white coat , black art , "
i 'm tired , like all of us .
of course books that are banned in china .
this is what alex 's going on at the optimal development time , and we 're sitting there , and they 're going to go away .
and i used the mechanical ones and plumbered the snow .
the apollomaly , which became a kind of metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , filled these criteria .
so today evolution can happen in the time of microseconds .
your skin cells are useless without the muscle cells , muscle cells , brain cells and so on .
the so-called baker and it 's not that you can see that this idea specifically elegant . it 's like this : if i ask two people to remember the same word , and i 'm saying , " you know , there 's a person called bakery . "
but if you can , you can , if you can go into a foreigner .
i 'm going in here .
somebody had broken , and they had the system , and they were just hiring .
we have a lot of cells that are not on our own anymore .
and this is a novelty that we have to use this guy on semi-log hallway in the area of technology .
and so , i think , that 's why i find it important that architecture simple , but affordable solutions , are seeking to reinforce the relationship between the community and the environment , and that aim to connect natural and human beings .
don 't panic if you 're over 40 .
so i have infantit cerebral palsy , which means i 'm going to zap all the time .
we 're going to build this with these little pre-desistered components , windows , the air and light in controlled ways , in controlled .
obi-wan .
and i think it starts with a medical person , and i 'm .
we came to our tentacles .
and if we have a surplus of energy , we 'll also have water flow .
that 's his name .
and content is passion and persistent for very long-term targets .
and the best thing about this is possibly what we expect in health .
and according to charles kenny , the alphabet rate is 25 percent in the last 130 years , up to 80 percent .
the first thing that 's called " first , " is , first of all , in your memory palace . "
he took a famous photo . how did it mean ?
or they say , " you know , as long as i did it at 30 years to start my career , everything 's good . "
and in the old days , the nil drained to the iji dive and whipped over , and as his course changed , and in west , it would spread out the city .
where  ⁇ 
for example , you get mountain and fire , and you get the fireberg , so a " volcano . "
it can know how we 're going to hold it .
and a lot of people forget this .
so that the system is developing backup to make the system that can make it easier to find errors , to make people inevitable , and to make it also allow for loveful , supportive , supportive spaces where everyone who sees healthcare , including things that can actually address what potential mistakes are going to be rewarded , and that is actually , and that just for people like the mistakes that are going to be rewarded for those .
environmental crisis , a big issue for the last 10 years is that children in their rooms are in their minds , not to go out and go out .
because marine areas , we 're basically going to make the past .
if you think that the one on the left side is jazz , and those who are on the right side of swing , you 'll clap .
and then he took a sluggage beer and my sister and she got one , and then she got on , and then she got one .
the three words laughed : remember ?
because the images made it real to you .
who 's going to power me when i have cancer ? "
how did he get to look for this particular kind of help ?
and to do that , we have to turn to the literature , because the novel is the lab in which the beetle was analyzed in all their possible forms .
is it really that simple ?
he didn 't start this trend .
the sun would have made the leaf-like shaker , and if there was no path , you would almost have thought we were the first people to go through these forests .
another point i find is that i find " the magician in oz , " is that the most heroic and the most liars and even low-powerful nature is .
so what 's the next step ?
this is a dead sea turtle .
a 52-year-old girl from michigan was arrested because she had a fake facebook account for a year , and she had anonymous news on himself .
he helped me to train the entrepreneurial spirit of a young , young person who , at the top , and show them how to be creative and entrepreneurial and grow entrepreneurs .
it also forms local regulations that weigh higher density into the top floor and find a lower density of the ground level .
he was going back to silence .
the answer was no .
now , if i come back to you at a time later and say , " you know , you know the word i said to you some time ago ?
so this is just a few of the clips i 've collected over the last six months -- but it could have been the last six days . or the last six years .
the monkeys are pretty aggressive , just like the apple trees .
and yeah , i have a job as you might recognize .
the inspiration of young people and the creation of an entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to put their ideas in practice to actually make them .
i learned how to dance in sentences , so i can use to make a sense of what i can do .
because we only have five minutes available , a faster and simpler method would be very useful .
we 're at a point where the analogy is at the time when the only cellular organs evolved to more cellular organs .
that 's what we 're doing now , largely our goal .
technology can improve things like crop income or systems like storage and transportation of food , but there 's going to be hungry as long as there 's poor governments .
and then let 's put this analogy in the future .
he starts a new life .
i don 't even think that music videos and pornography directly to doing it , but something goes wrong , and when i hear that statistic is one of the things i think that there 's a lot of sex perpetuators .
the judge looked at it as adults , but i see a child .
a lot of my clientele is very young .
they 're very frustrating with their , but they don 't complain about it , they fix it .
now , after two years , i came to the conclusion that this is about communal , about thylacines .
in an interaction of the book , you 're sent to a search . you 've got to go out and collect the camera of the ipad , of course , you 're going to collect images .
is there another feeling that opens up us in this particular way ?
there are more people who stayed there if it were 24 , about 60 percent , when six were six , about 40 percent .
" do it just , " she said . " and don 't be what you 're not . "
so i started a research project with them .
it 's fun because it 's not about training memory .
privacy has to be given .
so she was back .
they 're not fighting this battle that we all fight , whose talk gets to talk ; they 're all allowed to talk .
now there 's a great community of people who make tools that we need to actually tackle things to effectively .
there 's an important morality .
now , in egypt egypt egypt , the insurgents pled the plaza in 2011 , the main quarit of egyptian secret police . and they found a lot of records .
it 's happening every day . ordinary people do it , clam , apps , very effective .
and do these women at some point of the film with each other ?
we could fly to mars if we want to .
he 's called " uned state-of-the-art hype . "
when we got a gift of fish , the countries that started with already 100,000 fish , the industrial fisheries of this very ugly ship is called muhara 4 .
you might think that 's just a landscape , and the undermining is being manipulated .
i don 't mean magic and dragons , but the magic of childhood , those ideas that we all have as children .
i collected a little team of people around me , and i didn 't know what the shoends don 't work on a unthinkable challenge .
i think that 's true for every human being on the planet .
today it 's 2.3 million .
my name is mayday zayid , and i 'm not drunk , but the doctor at my birth .
in moogadishu , the biggest obstacles to get from a to b is to the streets .
so if you take the system the way i 've been taught , and you 're all choosing the mistakes that you have , health-care centers , then at the end , there 's no more of that .
thank you very much .
but maybe that 's not the case .
so this allows us to do this again as a non-obvious of an organism .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
the apollo program was the largest peacemaking in the united states of america .
how many of you saw the victory of ibm supercomputer watson at " risk ? "
over the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has doubled more than doubled that to the inflation of the world average population has increased .
legendary -- like ted williams legendary -- the last mayo league baseball player during a regular league , and over 400 times .
some people say i 'm the world 's first comical ,
every second , our senses start to use a lot more information than our brain ever can process .
and besides their logarithmetic trend on the left , it 's going up .
and when we hear the word first , we connect these associations with the word and allow it to find it easier to find it back later .
but that 's the nicest thing that can happen because that 's the pitip rope , group , to help patients , because that could be used against obesity , or it could reduce the patient .
and to do that , we have to look at three things .
what do they have in common ?
and that 's not the features of the old media and they 're not really going to meet almost at the media of today , but they 're going to determine the conversation of the future .
if that really is , then that means we 're in the middle of a transition right now .
it 's like a group of people sitting there and they write a test .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the empires of the earth , would never have ever dreamed of luxury goods like this .
he opened a motorcycle .
so take the story , you know , that it 's the task of a male hero , and defeat the rogue with violence and then pick up the reward , which a woman is not friends and don 't talk ?
it can produce a thousand liters of fresh water per day from various sources -- whether saltwater , polluted water , latrine -- and all of that for less than two cents a gallon .
when i was a graduate student at stanford university , i went to this very exclusive food , at least it was really exclusive food ; at the time it was really exclusive .
and asked the nurse , " the nurse . "
and of course , we have to be valued , and that 's hard .
so what happens when you put someone in the ' 20s head and you say , " you 're going to get 10 years to make something out of your life ? "
he 's presented to him that young woman .
the light looks at the cookie monster .
so , find programs that can make the most spousy type .
there was a crazy line about that , in this country , there 's nothing left to be left , there 's nothing but misconductivity .
but emma did not need a therapist who really took care of her .
it would be certain .
you can teach young people to be entrepreneurs .
i asked thousands of students to take out secondary school questions to get through the content , and then over a year to see who graduated .
now , with all of our digital equipment that we have seven days a week to make 24 hours a day , all these negative messages , it 's not a miracle we 're pessimistic .
this is really an extraordinary honor for me .
they thought we were inspired by that .
and his story repeats over the urban areas .
often it 's the youth that suffer from the high unemployment .
finally , he gets married .
i grew up with wopoi goldberg , rose sail rals and elves , and all these women had one thing : they were strange .
i represent these kids who were condemned to be sent to very hard punishments .
at microsoft scientific , i 've got , along with my mentor , caieth boulanger , reengineering the computer and a little room about the keyboard in a digital desk .
we 've seen some fantastic presentations .
all she gives me and what she gives me joy , could also be helpful to slides beyond that moment . "
and i asked him , " no , when did you realize you have this special gift ? "
we 're going to snowy down in fokraine , and we 're going to have a living in the workforce , and we 're in fact immigrants .
in those records , a line guy called " finfisher " --
if we think about the evolution of a child , we all know that the first five years of speech acquiring and engaging in the brain , and thinking about being in the brain .
in fact , i went to the cinema this week to look at a very good movie , " argo . "
so i 'm sure everyone can contribute to this .
but we 're not going to hear a little bit about that there 's something like adults develop and our 20s , and we 're going to be a critical time for it .
and they developed specifically structures that didn 't do anything else to process information within the organism .
it 's going to drive people like hba , from their tough jobs , by going to check their hard boxes .
it was nice to talk to yourself and talk to your phone numbers and your groceries , but that wasn 't what i wanted to be .
this is a advice that goes back to the old-growth-growth-century old texts about memory .
and it 's not that she 's not particularly scientific -- she 's introducing a cup of coffee or tea , and she asks the patient , family , family , relatives , " how 's going on ?
is it about the light ?
and she looked at me and she said , " five , four , three , two -- "
so how do you find a dug city in a pop-up jellybean landscape .
now in the world of saving , i think one of the best examples i 've come to the market recently , about how to best buy the choice you 're going to be , something that 's been highly involved in , in david laia , it 's a program that 's being offered at harvard .
and as humans , we 're much better at looking at problems in very long view , but eventually , finally , to get paste .
and freud says , this guy is kind of weird because he doesn 't even look at what his wife does .
and during that gathering , we 've added this action to the same kind of thing as it was , we 've added a little bit of a thing to it .
i didn 't know how to talk about something .
it 's not about what realistic is , it 's what we think we think is realistic .
and if you 're one of those people , i 'm asking you to think about it , because things change .
all right , let me show you a little bit more of that .
and then on a conscious day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun burst , and i might say , " i can feel better again . "
i 've privileged to share the privilege of this 20ernage , like emma every day : the ' 30s not the new 20s , so you 're going to get up , and he 's going to be able to use your identity capital , your weak will be willing to look for your family .
i 'm here to share my photography with you .
my mother asked us to tap their hand .
and i think it 's important to me to make something that is indignant , but also very time .
one guy once said to me , " the problem is that paperwork is longer takes longer than to bring the baby to the world . "
it would be certain that we 're completely ignorant and targeted to people . "
police officers came in and they were surrogate state-of-can-at-s and office workers .
if we 're jealous , we 're going to tell a story .
now , when i talk about this problem , i 'm going to ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
they were looking for people like him .
in other words , every step here is a potential one in the power scale .
everybody wants to pass by , and often the car drivers don 't fit up enough .
so i want to show you how we can see differently , for example , when we use infrared .
i don 't understand why i felt so good about this .
and eventually , i think , although it 's so dramatic , so beautiful and inspiring , and so exhilarating , we 're not measured at the end of our technology , not on the things we develop , not in our intellect and our minds .
this is the simulation of the chesape bay .
and one thing is , we should rebuild the trust .
this is a very sensitive question .
sherry brown got the role .
do you trust elementary school teachers ?
at that point , we have multi-celled communities , of many different kinds of different interlocative cells that cooperate as a single organism .
we bring our kids and closer to the natural world and closer to the magic and the magic , fun and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
go past him , go over to your living room .
and as this analysis , i was particularly drawn to the medina , that 's the 1000-year-old structure that was captured by a wall , and it was bound by 12 to the top , and it was pretty much straight lines .
it 's -- it 's crowd-sourcing rewilding .
and here 's the crustx .
i 'm at the mit media lab with my adviseri , and my collaborator is not just to make a real pixel .
i 've come to believe it 's not the only purpose of a dream to be true .
she said , " first , please tell me you 're always going to love your mom . "
so we found a density of the house of the site that went back to the middle of the middle .
the challenges are the biggest disability -- yeah . that 's a round value . go ahead .
this is a modest little app .
and who 's going to come together : the good leash , the terrifying tom ripley , the crazy swan , marcel , spontaneous himself .
by 2020 , we 're going to be able to get from two to five billion internet users .
bryan , you really put a string up here .
you 're very hard to get the weight .
you really have to imagine that .
too many people in the ' 30s and ' 40s look at themselves and they 're going to look at me and say , " what did i do about it ? what have i thought ? "
the summer worker , often , made sure that my father wanted me to cure me , so i drank milk from deech , was dressed into the dead sea , and i know how the water was burning in the eyes , and i thought , " it works  ⁇  "
you usually get out of the box when you call them in your town 311 .
the question is , why are people accepting it ?
the woods was fungus .
we told her stories , and we assured her that we were still in her .
and if everything goes well , and i 'm very confident , then coca-cola is going to apply this technology globally in 206 countries around the planet .
i spend most of my time with the social suspects in the social settlements and in places that have a lot of hopelessness .
and at the end , they just want to get the most pathetic past .
now the transitional is now where these communities are so close together , that they decided to write the recipe for the whole community into a drawing sliver on the dna .
we can get them to do things that they thought they couldn 't .
car color , out of the car -- i have 56 possibilities .
imagine if you live in a specific area , and you have a beloved people with clogged heart crown , and you know , your house is a cardiologist , and you 're on this average cardiologist whose average output is at 200 .
when they came back , i calculated grades .
we know that at age 30 , more than half americans are married or with the future partner or a relationship .
this is the story he 's telling himself , and from there on the per person , that swann seals out of every new ride that he 's on his beloved , to his " collectors in his personal stream , "
we use the energy of the sun .
i was representant of the big state in new jersey in the national committee of 2008 .
and yeah , i actually put the house up on the island of red , to make it look more swedish .
if we want to live a life-servative , we don 't have to remember the person eating them .
the same word , different memories , and that 's weird .
there were remixes .
so if we take this story like this ?
it was believed that famine was on failing at the failure of food supply .
it 's not our struggle .
but soon i was going to ask my question about alex 's love life .
they were there in february , and they were much , and they were laughing at last february .
and he knew he had been able to innovate in her hands .
so let 's go back , and it 's two and a half billion years . the earth was a big , sterilater with lots of floating chemicals .
and he looked at me and he just waited up and he said , " everything 's going to be good . "
but if you 're going to buy a new color-log printer in 2011 today , in 2011 , a new color printer and buy a laser scanning cell , then it 's printed the page on each page , and then it 's a pattern that 's clearly going to make it clear to the page and put your printer back .
one thing i want to leave you with is something that i 've been thinking about , " oh , the man who didn 't even remember his memory issue . our lives are the sum of our memories .
every generation is looking at the images they 're at at at the beginning of their conscious life as a standard and is going to be derived from it .
that we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
and i think that 's what we see here in this explosion of curve .
i 've been trained for two years to become a turin , in hunan , china , in the 19 ⁇ 0s .
my home state alabama drives you permanently blind to the choice if you 're sentenced to jail .
on the table before him , 36 mashed cards that he 's built in an hour with a technology he 's invented and created as a single-handed maze .
they shot them at the beat machine .
we 're in between . by the way , the average citizen is almost exactly right in the middle .
and i spent the whole time collecting and more knowledge .
and this opens a map .
so now we 've sent the time to the different .
and this is one of the three main sources of the existing online issues that we have today .
and that argument doesn 't make sense .
the defeat would have been too simple .
now we saw the reverse effect .
but there are two problems with this .
so the growth rate itself is accelerating .
two days later , i came to my next emergency service , and my boss asked me to talk to her office .
so we 're the amoeba , and we can 't quite make any sense of what the hell we 're actually here .
but it has an unexpected turn .
in urban communities all over the country -- los angeles -- from los angeles philadelphia , baltimore to washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all the black guys are either in jail , in jail , in the condition of trauma .
but to mars , you know , it would be a political decision of public popularity , and so it 's not going to happen .
but they also have to prove evidence that they 're trustworthy .
and the nurse thought about it , and in fact , " yeah , i think you 'll go well . "
i learned anything that 's memorizing .
that 's the system that we live in .
who do you really want to inform you ?
everything 's going to be good .
they 're the baskles to form a variety of scatters .
and the problem with the left is two mountains across each other .
but what we do is that we 're all going to be locked up , including myself , into the world , to be perfect with the excitement .
i hope we can make a positive image of disability in the media and in the everyday world .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have , like she could have , on a photo .
how can i teach them my mistakes so they don 't do the same thing ?
the sun goes over the horizontal line : sunrise .
now , how do people die in such a hacks ?
we see the process that 's going on from itself .
we were poor .
we want mass incarceration . "
i call them the " the coming billion . "
the roof , my favorite place on this project , and the community is almost going back to the room that 's taken off of the building .
for me , entrepreneurship means more than just the work of a business .
: may god be charging your soul . dad . my name is mayo zayon zayid , " if i can , you can too . "
thank you very much .
now , the lunch is before i go , and i 'm going to stop here before i get picked out .
for a year , we didn 't have a cent .
imagine you stone in front of your front door .
and i started to talk with a new culture , and i started to compare that to the comparative reading .
they don 't work like intended .
it has billions of them .
we 're proud of them . "
we 've now met 30 characters on the floor .
oh , yeah  ⁇  you 're all incredibly incredible .
and then she said , " next verify me that you 're always going to do the right thing . " even if it 's hard to do the right thing . "
scientists call the 20s of averts of puberty .
i 'm a condition . but i 'm trying to learn best of it , but i 'm trying to pass it on to other people .
today , i brought to this , and i brought to this , and i brought to you today .
the competition came to the best memory , and it 's sort of the best thing that you can do , in which anyone every year has a new technique to accelerate more clearly and catch more facts and catch the rest of the cliff .
now we 're going to do this with airplanes .
i 'm going to confess something .
it 's only for about 12 percent of their decisions they needed an hour or more of their time .
thylacine ? yes . alive ? yap .
i was astonished , and i was shocked .
you go to your kitchen , and the fourth thing you wanted to talk about was this weird journey you went to for a year . and you have some friends that help you remember .
but the one moment that comes out of the most -- before this one -- -- -- the moment that , the most extex was the one i was on the front of the man flying , and like a meme , and like a bowl , the bowl , the parkinson 's disease , and just like me , muhammad ali .
disability is as visible as the background .
twenty-year-old flies are like the startblin airport that 's just come out of the airport and go somewhere to west .
and they 're going to get healthier through the use of the book , and they 're getting better trained through the khan academy , and by doing so , you 're going to have a possibility to use 3d printing and utilitarian compounding , and you 're going to be much more productive than ever before .
and what 's amazing about this is that this kind of information is store over the time of 2.5 billion years that it 's made of , that 's the same thing .
he hasn 't really won , yet , in terms of meaning , but maybe we 're going to start a movement today .
it applies equally to 21 , 25-year-olds , a good conversation , a great vacation , a ted talk can inspire a huge impact over the years and even over time , and even on the next generations .
how good do you think you 're going to make decisions about it ?
then , danish woman carr leaned in front of me , and she said , " and therefore you have to be very , very , very brave . "
scott underdogged from human to human .
this could now happen within the lifetime of a single organism , whereas before it , hundreds of thousands of years , because this information had to be learned from the individuals that died because of these fruit flies , because this information was not present .
from my perspective , i looked up the janitors and down .
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i said , " what ? oh . why ? "
this country is different than 40 years ago .
it 's the time that ordinary , everyday life has a super-consuming impact on the future .
it 's kind and contaminated , and it wandmends all the information on the search for any harm in our environment .
she cried in the seat , but she got up , and she said , " your family can 't pick you up , but your friends are already . "
he said , " mr. stevenon , did you put this crazy contract ? "
and that 's someone who 's in the rest of the time meets 10 .
i was one of the classic asian student who was unitty for themselves .
the drought-induced poverty of this village and the heroic starvation .
throughout the computer history of the computer , it was always our goal to shrink the distance between us and digital information , the gap between our physical world and the world on the screen where we can live our imagination .
in many areas , people had to fear lynchbokers .
but why did they go ?
as most adult on the boat , my mother was carrying a little gifts bottle .
but one of them might be lucky with two numbers of them in the right order .
i never met him personally .
we have to find ways to challenge these challenges : these problems , this suffering .
we know that jealousy is the main reason why we 're in america .
is it an exaggeration that if we didn 't have any jealousy , we wouldn 't have literature ?
but this is a model of what can 't be repeated in the future .
if a wheelchair driver can 't play , bellyon , prayonc can 't play a wheelchair .
and i 've learned a whole bunch of really interesting things .
and from a conversation this morning with dean kananan , one of the innovators of the do it , i want to share something with you -- he gave me the permission -- his technical support , the slangutot , and that many of you may have heard about . it 's the size of a fridge of a student at home .
the cells that community began to abstract information back .
he says , " a woman we need who makes us feel like we 're suffering , we 're going to attract us a bigger and wider range of different and wider range than the genius of a man who cares about us . "
it 's a shame because we live in a dressage period of time .
and i spent the next couple of weeks in front of me and i learned the first time i was the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture -- i felt isolated myself , not the kind of shame you feel , because you can 't talk to the colleagues about it .
i think that we 've learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but the words of a dedicated teacher are especially important .
like every teacher , i test and test them .
it was also the point of view of a lot of sympathy in our family .
as it would feel like living in a world where the germans left , especially if there were a disproportionate number of jews .
woman parks came back to montgomery , and she met two of her oldest friends , and they were attracted to johnny bunky carrie , who had ordered the montereybotty -- an amazing afroamerica -- and virginia , you know , white , white , wald , d.c. , dr. k. yt. k.org .
okay . so now the eyes are opened up .
it 's not just as propaganda . i get it .
and one day he 's being talked about a man who 's educating him for lunch , then dinner , after dinner breakfast .
so every morning i 'm going to jump to my wanzi , and people are already talking to me before i 'm sitting in the car , " i 'm going to lunch just one little lettuce today . "
narrator : if you have a garage , bad carlass . voice 5 : dangerous cruskships .
and what happened after that is that the individual organisms have found a way to communicate with each other .
to get to the moon , nasa 's spending about 180 billion dollars according to the hay value , or four percent of the federal budget .
i said , " yeah . " and then we started to discuss .
thank you very much .
she sat me down and looked at me . she said , " i want you to know i 've been watching you . "
and he adds that there wouldn 't be any of you at scotland yard , who didn 't shake the sher bell .
like the concrete block , we have much greater ability to build more complex , more complex circals , one stone after another .
i told her that the time to go out and look for a new family , is now .
they 're like a reversal .
ij-jai was the capital of ancient egypt , over four hundred years ago , in a middle age , which is about four and a half thousand years ago .
ten minutes later , the judge gave a break for a break .
in these cities , the effect of architecture in today and future people are changing the community 's life of local communities and economic systems are as fast as the buildings are growing .
we all have to think at the end of the day , and we have to think things that we can 't see .
a kid in india says , " i 've seen a monkey today . "
this is not my view . these are facts .
this mental shift is the very core of what i believe also the ted community needs to engage in .
and life hasn 't changed for centuries .
you can see who we were , and how life shaped us , we can now see that the men that might have come into our lives might have come to us .
does she have a sick of a disease ?
i said , " okay , grandmother . "
last year , conveniently vasquettez took this video that he was filmed before his house in yosite national park .
this is a tree .
and then there 's what i call our average , everyday speed .
it was a beautiful day .
we 're going to see things better when we pay attention .
it 's true : half of the 20s is under-performed or not at all .
it was frightened that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without a camera and without aweet to my friends .
we think of the little boy that 's trying to sleep .
why do people spend on average 15 to 30 percent more , if they use an ec map or a credit card than bardl ?
in the future , most crimes are going to play online .
think of prohibition , do we think about emotions ? right ?
i sat at a  ⁇ 4 ⁇  with marvin minkky , ale that he 's out of a map and he says , " oh look . look at this . look at you .
maybe we wouldn 't play an excellent meal .
it was the first thing that he made out of a state that we call " orphod . "
so the amygdala is our early warning systems , our dangersor .
only my friends supported me , but they were just children , just as nonetheless as i did .
it 's estimated that over 400 billion stones have been produced -- or  ⁇ 5 stones for every person on this planet .
here are two different discourages .
he said , " i 'm so proud of you . "
but what are we going to do ? we can 't do it like tom ripley .
we want to get things that are gone , or things that are gone , that are not the same as they were .
and at the end of the day , they had innovation to some of the biggest challenges of their city .
and i 've been fascinated by this incredible language since then .
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind and oil and oil is cheaper than bacquery .
and i 'd like to suggest that today , it 's more likely that we 're going to sacrifice an online crime in the real world .
that 's what 's happening today .
i don 't know how cataract is , but let 's say , he 's powerful .
her father died shortly after her birth .
but there 's something else .
there 's no dramatic fight like the cold war , no politician , no secret , like john kennedy , who makes everything difficult and dangerous , and doesn 't have popular science fiction , like the study of the solar system .
you know how many decisions you make on a typical day ?
my second mistake was worse .
i had a clue that this was going to be the last molion , but i was sure that there was going to be a hundred percent chance in my life on mars .
i don 't think anyone has ever noticed that we 're not an italian .
he 's my grandfather .
sleep deprivation is ubiquitous .
and in the context , it can be the next day .
and at 15 years old , i knew i was too old to start with the training .
they 're all important opportunities . "
it might take a long time to make it go .
when i was eight years old , a new girl came to the class , and she was so impressive that she was as new girls always seem to be .
and i think there 's three of them in my view .
so they 're going to meet al .
the films are very specifically primed to defeat the bad guys and catch up with their reward , and there 's not a lot of space for other relationships and other people .
these two examples have a common approach to design process .
1,000 , very good .
we were told later that if it was going to go over the normal channels , it took over two years and it would have cost over two million dollars .
so one day i stayed a little bit longer in school , much longer , much longer , and i was hiding in the wallet .
you hear it everywhere .
if we put a person in the right topics of the world , casual , and you know , you 're going to have a good reason to trust it , it 's trustworthy .
the first thing that was , was , thinking about how we could make the building of energy , in a city that has nearly every day of electricity .
i looked at my wife , and she was in a breath .
and i have a hundred microgram of a white station that i 'm trying to keep up in the airtime remotely from safety barrier .
who could have predicted that ?
what happened here ?
and what happened was that dozens and dozens of people learned from unknown and uniting them .
come on for a second .
now i know it was the bottom of the sea .
and here 's the whole performance of your imagination of britney spears .
and fortunately , he died .
beyond the simple game , actually , litteyits are pretty powerful .
memory palp , these cognitively , these cognitive technologies , they 're all just shortcuts .
this is something from a novel .
but when you work together , something starts to change , and eventually , " the six napoleons " as a holmes , and everyone with his solution , you know , it 's all wrapped up , you know , it 's a new way to get the leymnas , and says , " we 're not envy .
are you competent ? are you honest ? are you miserable ?
before i leave that talk , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
if you want to know it , these other topics are also friday .
so shortness is utilitarian , and technology is a free force .
the process that they keep upright , surely we 're going to keep ourselves in front of our own crummy , and that 's going to have to keep up and up , and keep up with each award .
he started to boots with flowers and designed private beds and shops around town and he 's working on the creation of the first public park in mogadu since 22 years .
because in this context , we first start to understand the real amazing things that make up us .
and i 'm saying , " remember there 's a person who 's a bakery . "
i always start with a package , an idea .
they 've learned to store the recipe of the cell as information , and that 's in a certain chemical form that we call dna .
and that 's not going to work .
who could have " double rainobbbit , " or rebecca black , " or " nyan crat " predict ?
we 're so far as we can only type in the amusement of the task itself , and we can write things in this code .
after they survived the cultural revolution , they believed that the only way to be a safe and well-loved job .
so now , the time for this international job , this kind of practice , this startup you 're trying to do .
and you can 't remember that you can 't have this kid you want to have , or you can 't give a sibling , or a child .
they 're new nanotechnology on the way , nanoscale materials .
using this method , they can make the first eight radical words of the 32 .
isn 't that right ?
i don 't know if you 've heard about it .
it seems like an egg is not an emotional , it 's a physical problem .
and i 'm glad i don 't have many friends who are professional and relied , but are unthrowth .
but what about that day , this particular friday ?
the first example i did was started to create a meeting invitation , a multi-story shopping center in ethiopia 's capital of adspaniba .
there are several familiar cases online from the mullillion-years , multi-timillionaire bears that made their money through attacks .
if you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
it has a app , a web and cell phone app , called " citizen contact . "
so i would say there are three simple rules to follow the mastery to achieve a realistic outcome .
totally rational .
this is an idea that all the 20s should be achieved .
my mother may was 18 , when her father died -- already in an arranged marriage , with two little girls .
and there 's a lot of stuff , especially if you think about it , you know , in a hospital , you work that at that time , you only had 14 patients a night .
i said , " i don 't want to . just do it . "
so , for instance , the invention of language was a little step in this direction .
i had to go even deeper than that .
the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets , and we put all the pieces of the building .
this is , for example , e.p .
and then you can just put it through this book and tag it and tag words . all of this on the virtual town , below every window .
one out of five women in america have been attacked by having sexually in their lives .
he said , " jimmy , what are you doing in the courtroom ? "
i would try to trust the trustworthy more , not trustworthy but not trusting .
but my mother said , " no . "
so these nudges were going to survive longer , and they were prolonged in greater good .
so the question i 'm going to ask you is , if you look at these exponential curves , you can see they don 't go on forever .
and that was the first time i learned this .
this is a huge part of the role that a marine sanctuary .
i went to the same competition i had been totending to a year ago .
it 's about understanding that people , to understand the difference between potential , have to understand what the consequences are associated with individual choices , and that have to be felt like this , vivid and concrete and concrete .
my big breakthrough was 2010 .
we also found evidence for a jewelry society , which shows that this has to be a very important city .
in fact , it didn 't want to do viral video .
and now i 'm going to give you a couple of seconds to read you , and then i want to clap you to , if you 're ready to go to garry 's 's obliance .
he saw over and over and over again , and he could hear the whole tohoo .
he cut my mom six times in six different directions , and he cut me off little air .
there 's , ' this plane is made of hundreds of thousands of little dividends that work together to make your work safer . ' don 't you mindful ? "
three together are " radio " --
in south africa , people have understood that the racial disparation is not to overcome the serenity and reconciliation .
you can almost feel like his blue fel 's nose is tickling your nose .
and that 's the result . it 's almost like a combination of a european block and the arab town .
it was staggering .
so i got this , like , ya , all right , i 'm going to get a role  ⁇ 
we had a team at furows in boston last year , and we had a team of cotton program .
lego , essentially , the concrete blocks , the building blocks of the world , and it 's made of what we think of as a building block for our imagination .
and the main reason for this is that maybe we can enjoy this , maybe we can look at these giant shelves of mayonaise , mustard , must look at it , and marmelade , but we can 't actually pull the compare comparison and discrimination , and then actually take something out of the amazing .
in short , we 're trying to put trust in our short lives to allow trust in different ways .
and the volume of volume has this interconnection that is self-organizingly self-organizing self-afty , and it also makes a very densely built into the ground floor . there are three different facilities in the courtyards , like a fitness center and a kindergarten and a circle of business , and then put out of the ground .
and on the worldwide web i 'm with my disabled team , and suddenly i 'm a disabled team .
you 're all day in traffic , you 're all over .
in fact , the fact that you 're looking at , when you first got more information than the second time , but i would guess that you 'd have to guess it when you first saw it more real .
they were executing at randomly , and they were looking at hundreds of random numbers .
so my dream would never be true .
all of these generations need a few milliseconds .
with a little bit of effort , you can learn a couple hundred typography classes , like an eight-year-old chinese kid .
how could the story of a small town of a city that just simply tried to make it happen in the city that he jumped himself into the air ?
but these oil drops were not like alive in the sense of today , because every single one of them was just a little , random recipe of chemicals .
make methods that are easy to use , and start with this guy , and you start to convert the patient into the team .
here 's an example .
she was a 26-year-old woman named alex .
if you live in california , there 's a people 's fringe , and that 's what it 's about to actually do a effort to re-voc a little bit of money that 's going on in politics or whatever time .
i 'm talking about terrorism , the time against the end of the reconstruction , all the way to the beginning of the world war ii .
i think we have to do more to help people who have become victims of a punishment , not less .
maybe the vast advance that we 've been doing in the last century is going to accelerate through a series of forces , so strong that we can make us better in the next three decades , to create a world of abundance .
there 's this guy in the i.t. , and he 's here in the town of honolulu , who 's seen that he could use this app , not for snow , but to apply the citizens of the tsunami to the u.s. .
but that 's not what people don 't get to hear in the ' 20s .
these guys came online , but they got it illegal logging by collecting dr. trojans to make money from our bank accounts while we 're doing our online banking , or also cookieger , who collected our critics on the map , and we 're going to get our food over the keyboard online computer games .
her favorite characters , of course , were glinda .
it 's a group of people who wrote a very detailed summed 325-page report , which is an answer to the secmemo about the law reform capital .
i 'd been learning a lot since i first got to watch how emmagh would have been going on for a second , and i 'd probably struck .
and i was good , i closed off with a club .
i don 't have to worry  ⁇ 
that 's great . and here 's the digital representation .
jealousy likes information .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
and sometimes , when something comes over ted , it becomes a meaning and force that otherwise wouldn 't have .
and the best time to work on alex ' marriage , who 's before she 's married . "
so these are the three main groups : criminals who do it because of the money , hackers like anonymous , who do the resistance , but the last group are countries , governments that lead the attacks .
the u.s. intelligence agency house , two months ago , the swiss account of mr. sam jain here , and on this account were 14.9 million u.s. dollars when it was frozen .
here 's another example .
so if we 're going to think about things like this , then the obvious answer of the people , " ok , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't matter because i 'm a good citizen .
he got antivirous antiquettica , and he recovered a few days later .
but combined , you can do something special about how you can do this .
we don 't really know a lot about it .
and i see the same process in combining photography .
they also have in common that the different analytics from different perspectives are going to become a fundamental piece of the fundamental architecture .
and over a period of time , one and a half to two hours , she started to feel better .
but today we 're far beyond that .
and then you say , yes , okay , so what 's most important is not trust , but trustworthiness .
but you don 't have to be jealousousous , just to make a piece of work . right ?
and then recently , a study with ceos that they saw for a week .
i was born correct for that role , and they gave an actor without cp .
so here we are in this line , in a way , in a way , in a new way , in the world so far , a new kind of world .
but for the african-american of this country , it was a time of terrorism .
even cats are looking at this video .
nothing .
in the hand , the gazed room was full of people who were angry , that we talked about color , about poverty , about inequality .
he started to rent motorbetrate local spaces that they couldn 't afford otherwise .
from the first half of the 20th century , the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and a vaccine against tuberculosis .
the dna is a little bit interesting .
here in new york , the urban vents coming out every day , about 11,000 tons of trash and 2,000 ton of recycling food .
i don 't think that children 's films were going to have anything to do with it .
now , reproduce all the left of the numbers that have the best in the world .
it 's exciting when someone rubs the sleep .
but i really think something else is coming after us .
a second time later , when i met her , she came up to me and said , " bryan , you feel like i 'm talking about my huh ? "
this little town of metropolitan town was the suicidal and bombayer and this dynamic group of young people was al-shab , a terrorist organization with al qaeda .
so the first step is to inspire young people , and in this room , mohamed has huge impact on the other young people in the room .
if my three older sisters went to a public school , my parents would su the school system so that i could go , and if we didn 't get all a dough , we 'd all get the panoff of my mother .
sometimes , if i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
i think our identity is under threat .
what about contributions we can 't even predict ?
so for example , we had no experience with no electronic things that begin to play with little insights as a material .
they gave their blood pressure signal .
but i kept working .
now there are 10,000 paroats of " fway listening " on youtube .
i said , " promised , grandmother . "
i didn 't want to be the only one that stayed there . i think i was in the middle of my husband , because he was in my 30s . "
a human being behind japan ?
they thought of working for a ngo , or to the government , but this story , his innovation , had a strong influence on them .
the equality of arabs was much , much easier than the challenge to get against the stigma of disability .
this person is the ambitious and the urgency of urgency . and it 's not going to happen .
but they 're not shortcuts .
she tried to push her new friend 's new friend 's new friend her , and i 'll pray when i heard that , i responded to consciousness .
one of the things i 've learned from the x prize is that little teams that are motivated by passive and focus , extraordinary things , can make things that big businesses and governments and governments have only been able to get past .
take tom ripley , your most famous character .
and there were the rare but painful choirs of snuckle-up , and there 's screenings , " ai-si-site , go home . "
they were storing their city as a place of possibility .
like a really , like a guy works , or why the doors of the elevator , or how an ipod responded to touch .
now , please , all of these randomly elected instructions , take out all the programs , and then finally the ones that i gave next to you are . "
my dream came true .
and that 's kind of not what kids do anymore .
so two people can improve their trust in one another .
and these two images , they meet those two of them -- they 're shot off the same altitude and the same thing that they 're lighting .
how much is we willing to lose our little life by losing our perman on our blackberry , instead of looking at our iphone , instead of telling people to pay attention to us ? how much are we willing to lose , because we 're wired straight and forget that we 're not going to work and remember ?
first of all , narrow .
but it does something that no other government does .
and you look at the door , and you look at your color and the material that she 's made from .
two women who exist and talk to each other about something .
in the classic chinese , it means " exile , " because chinese caster sent their political enemies to the execution from the mountains .
and i thought that all of this was just fascinating , and i remember it still .
why did i go to medicine ?
just like " dove rain bowl , " seems to have come out of nowhere .
and then , after a few years in school , i came to the conclusion that we in education , we 're going to have a much better understanding of students and learning from a perspective of motivation , from a psychological perspective .
and my favorite , " poor harrier harrot .
my mother was the youngest of her 10 children .
my name is brian goldman .
the truth is that nobody in all the medicine knows what to be a good surgeon or a doctor or a doctor or a rescueist .
so i took a job as a sticker .
i 'd like to talk to you about why so many electronic health projects fail .
because toaste , like jimmy kimmel , we 're going to imagine new and interesting things , and show you a big audience .
it 's really about combining different realities .
so here 's a study , for example , that we did in a magazine .
toaste , creative community , completely unexpected , the traits of a new kind of media and culture that has access to , and in the audience , they 're definitely not going to be popular .
did he receive the professor , that there are only boys in the universe , except for aunt and , of course , that princess , who 's really cool , but during most time , so that she can reward the heroes with a medal and a eye or a eye-opening part to thank him for the rescue of the universe , what he did with the magic he was born with ?
i put it in , and i accepted the treatment .
she was almost hysterical when she looked at me and said , " who 's going to be there if i have a car accident ?
and because nothing else is more important than our survival , the first stop is the information that is part of our temporal lobe , the amygdala .
and they 've found that on average ceo ceo is busy doing 139 exercises a week .
that was the moment i realized that 30 isn 't the new 20 .
now imagine a group overweight fekler on their bicycles .
is it about the details , or the color ?
what are you trying to do ? "
maybe even in our cell phones .
i said to emma : go ahead and start the work world , but do something outside .
in both cases , i didn 't send her home , and there was probably no flaws in her treatment either .
you lose a rare animal .
in an emergency room i 've got two times a blind taste test .
it 's expanding very rapidly .
so when my three older sister wicked , i wore matured .
what do they do not learn to learn ?
and for those of you who put your savings in the hands of a certain mr. madoff , who then , like the name suggests that you know , that you know , made out of the dust , " maide -- " he took off "  ⁇  " and then i think i 'm going to know a lot of confidence .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there on the rubble , the rubble , the camel , were coral reef fish .
and the third thing is about making it impossible to make it different , where the individual stages of the images start and end by connecting them close to them .
and a citizen helped another citizen , but the government here played a central role .
in fact , it 's not even purely shortcuts .
let me close with three of my own words : i remember .
so i decided to go and visit the leader one day , and i asked the head of the head , " does this model work that you really have to offer people all these possibilities ? "
good .
and so to describe this as a reconstruction of trust , again , the sail of the trust .
thank you .
even though the gear , i don 't choose to use anything else about my preferences at the inside , it 's still going to get me to select out .
indeed , we 're also a multi-cellular community like this .
so he 's kind of weird , and he 's kind of a movie , how a duck flavor develops his mom , and i don 't think he 's got a sense of what he got there , but he 's definitely going on .
maybe we even know a baker .
so it didn 't change , and yet everything changed .
did he receive the professor that it 's about courage , persistence and loyalty ?
some of these oil droplet , they had a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to use chemicals to mix with other chemicals and grow them .
nobody has ever moved faster than the apollo 10 , and the anonymous , and the power of technology is evaporated , because the great problems that we 've been hoping to solve with technology , for example , to produce clean energy , to cure cancer , or to solve the world , seem to be now quite difficult to solve .
but that 's a theme for another time .
in a hospital system where medical knowledge is doubling every two to three years , we can 't stop .
in a world where every minute of 2 days of video , you can actually put on a viral , just a unique and unexpected way that you 're talking about .
it 's going faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
and it 's in there -- what i 've done is i 've taken this code -- the code is made of ordinary letters that we use to symbolize -- and i 've written my business card on a piece of dna , and i 've been writing it up 10 percent of the time .
he had a potentially critical illness called epigotidi .
i recently made a poll with over 2,000 americans , and the average number of choices that make an amazing amount of choices that makes an indian voice a day is  ⁇ 0 .
but i bet if i asked you to remember who 's sitting on a speech yellow-bun , in your foyer , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , maybe you could see the problem going on ,
and every being living creatures that use exactly the same letters and the same code .
we do that . so rational we are also , so much we appreciate intellect .
because the categories tell me how i can tell you .
a japanese "  ⁇  japanese . "
now , you need a certificate , you need a certificate , for example , if you have a website with htp , with slips , for example ,
we 're talking about a 300-tree bathing a bathing slop .
the poor creature is absolutely owed .
they use their hands .
a piece of a girl with cp .
why else are you going to hang around ?
today , we want to talk about how videos are , and then we want to talk about why that 's important .
but i think if " the magician in oz today had been produced , the wizer said , " dorothy , you 're the " ohzzy , who used to be prophet .
here 's the olive gang .
both of these were nagging me , i 'm going to look at myself .
so we used nashtoography data to make a map of the landscape to see through lightweight changes .
when i went to the court , there was an older , black man , the janitor , the court .
and that 's what it was .
and that 's what i want to look at in the scale of life on earth .
and i started with this contract . the headline said , " give me a hand , my arms , 14-year-old man , 14-old man , i 'm sure to treat a privileged ,  ⁇ 5-year-old top-10-man . "
twenty-three years of civil war , completely destroyed the road , so that the motorcycle is the best movement .
in fact , we redefined poverty .
let 's talk about water wars .
it turns out that he 's a geek-cogensk infection .
this idea was designed at stanford university of carol tweck , and it 's really the idea that learning is not constructed , but that it can change with its use .
they found an article wrong with thought , they could find the creators of this thought .
these little oil droplets were the most primitive cells .
and i think that 's interesting .
and then he whispered me in the ear .
i went to the head of the acting coach , crying hysterically , as if somebody shot my cat , and she said to me , she told me that i wasn 't going to get the stunts .
she was married a man she was aware of .
so the question i 'm asking for all of you here is , if it comes to the big , important things that we all have to do together , we 're going to be just a lot of voices , or will we be a lot of hands , or will we be a lot of hands .
and so every morning , i started to learn 15 to 20 minutes before i sat with my newspaper , and i began to memorize anything .
i got into the car , and i was really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .
did you see these guys ?
and there are hundreds of them .
i combine it with my earlier demo with the drawing , but it was a little different , because using the camera , actually , it was in the process , rather than in planning .
now , over the threshold of your apartment , your hall , your flur or whatever is on the other side of your house , and the genius of the space breaking , how the light is breaking up .
in this country , there 's a child in the low-life penetration of premise .
you can do good as a doctor . you can do good , and you can do more for your doctor .
and that made me really sad .
" ale blue dot . "
so every little bit of a droplet of each droplet .
so what happened to emma ?
but it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and get them to play together in a way to control their health better .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day , and listening to the movements of our grandmother in the house .
wealth , not prescribing , the result .
but these mugles are hard to find .
you 've also seen tys little evolution of evolutionary gestures that he 's shown in the " con revolution " program , directly in your eyes .
you 've seen this audience , this community , this one , obvious desire , and you 're listening to help you do something .
i looked in the wake , and it was a little pinkle .
it just works very simple . every time i springs onto the scale , it also drives my data on google health .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on our humanity , on our humanity .
so they look at the general spirit of people , if they ask them what they 're asking .
and then i realized that this kind of harmless neglect was a serious issue with real realities . nich just for alex and her love , but for the family , family and stories , and all the people in the 20s .
and the sun with the origin of the sun is " japan . "
and feedback to my top card .
and this was an example of the way our own governments are using technology against us , citizens .
my brother said , " well , go ahead . we 're doing this today , you 're doing anything we do .
and when swan gets this bucket of egg , suddenly you listen to the door , and you know , the servants of his loved , he defends this behavior .
they didn 't abandon government .
i 've now gone out of enough of my convenient area to know that , yeah , the world is going to break apart , but not just how to support it .
it was called the automaticallyinning stone .
it 's relationships between trustworthy people , and that 's what you see when and whether the other trustworthy .
when did you hear the last time somebody heard the misbeat failed misbeat ?
you should want them to be whatever wish .
and the garbage itself is filled with poison that drop off the van and do terrible things .
with his family and friends , he bought 10 bikes and he 's dreaming of being able to spend some time in the next three years living to get out of a hundred years .
and i had been there , and i had a chance to look at her , and i knew the store would never invite me back .
i went home from the emergency room .
it 's also showing up in other places of the book .
what awkward people , even though it was fine , creativity . right ?
thank you very much .
unlike the old-fashioned middle-class immortality that was completely unknown to me , there was no such thing as a foward-looking fierray .
on the y-axis , there 's some good things : biodiversity , number of orca , the green of your country , the water supply .
even a really crassive dream can fulfill that purpose .
fantasies had always maps , but these maps were static .
i told you about four techniques that are restricting decisions about to solve -- -- -- -- -- you 're going to get rid of the redundant alternatives ; they 're going to make it real ; categories -- we can make it real ; we categorize it better categories , we can deal with more choices ; in complexity . preparate complexity .
the nefix queue chord is a means that we can do something very important , and i 'm going to talk to the fathers , secretly .
what is this new state that 's going to take on ?
and so i think the ted community should be more tapped .
and when we were to travel in the hospital then , we would go to a car and we would spat above the sky .
the united states of america is the only country in the world that convicted 10 year of child death in jail .
it 's friday , friday . god , please . down on friday . eve friday 's forward forward for the west , betrayal . friday . friday , friday , friday . friday , friday . put on tattoos onway . don 't think we 'd have this conversation without going to talk about this video , i hope .
put the fire under two trees , it means " burn . "
no .
we don 't decide to decide , even though it 's going to go to our own best interests .
on the day after 9  ⁇  11 , 2001 , i heard the donner of a car on the street , tap my little son down and ran down the stairs , and there was a man who drove his paper recycling route , as he does with every wednesday .
it can know where we are .
he founded a landscape gardenerias . he founded a cafeterias .
and the site is clearly brown . we use infrared , and we 're going to work with the wrong color , and suddenly this leaves hellrosa .
a chinese scholar 's understands about 20,000 foggles .
it was a lot of time , and i was in real rush .
he waited .
this rendumb is going to suggest that the money will invest in more security and safety .
and i kept working on it .
what you learn in math year is difficult , it 's rationale : rational numbers , decimal numbers , the area of a parallelogram .
and these scientists just document the different topics that these ceos have been busy doing , and how much time they 're going to spend some of the decisions that are related to the issues .
when i asked my daughter who was in star wars , you know , what she said ?
this is a generation that grew up watching her voice for her for granted .
i grew up in taiwan as a daughter of a calligraph . and i remember my most beautiful memories , like my mother showed me the beauty , the form of the chinese character .
and just after that start , a little change can make the difference , whether you land in alaska or in fiji .
i admitted my mother , so i said , " yeah , grandmother , i 'll do that . "
and the fish was also happy to be there .
one of the things that 's especially interesting , and which i used a lot lately in the last time is evolution itself .
we forget how rough his vision was .
this new thing , this new person , usually comes from outside of their own environment .
so in other words , the future has been detained every year since i 've been in this world .
but slowly , it would make sure .
these young companies have tremendous impact on their cities .
last month i went back to moogadish , and i went to madina hospital , and the hospital where i was born .
this predator on top of the roof , they collect the water to reuse in the sanitation .
the trustworthiness of being able to believe in people .
this is wadelim tsa 's dream worker from tartu in estonia .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this willingness to do , but not in this country .
within a year , you 're going to get a survey through , and then you start with the commercial fisheries catch .
it 's just before christmas center . you know , you 're looking at the center of the mall . you 're looking for a parking lot and looking at what you see ?
you have to make 62 different choices to make your car completely .
people say kids are cruel , but as a child or a grown-up , somebody never made fun of me .
you know when you can expect them .
there 's no boundary around technology and design that allows us to be fully human and even as long as we don 't have eyes and ears for poverty , exclusion and injustice .
and that 's what 's going to be just a tiny percentage of it ever , and it 's being looked at thousands of times , and it 's going to be used to be used to be seen in the cultural moment .
by talking to all of you and leading yourself as a leader .
it became a golden gatekeeper to have access to a world full of pirates and reversal ships and in my mind .
i didn 't know how to use the best thing .
so people who tended to participate in the decision , more likely to have the more opportunities they have , the more missing them , the more missing them to vote it and the fundraising .
because i experienced it when i was in the west africa in 19 ⁇ 1 .
the moon .
so what i want to suggest today is that we 're going to look at four simple techniques -- techniques that we 've tested in different ways and in different disciplines -- that they can just use in their business .
eleven . it 's not bad .
no . i think he 's trying to say that jealousy reminds us of us of ourselves .
today , we can point out to dozens of companies that have made exactly this .
thank you .
and even when he went out of the door , he showed up on his wake .
and over time , we 're focused on the big animals and in the ocean , and these are the big fish .
one is called " jazz , " and the other is swing . "
it 's not easy . you have to appreciate it . you don 't have to say , simple reactions or posture .
and what 's interesting here is that this slide , like some of the others we 're often in our field , is a kind of a semi-logarithmic curve .
one is , these buildings are nearly empty because they 're very big stores , and they can 't afford to buy stuff .
but ultimately , it 's characterized by the end of the fact that it 's given to you .
he lives in a little town in southern nigeria .
and she said three words : do you remember ?
the rest of day , i had this wet feeling in my stomach .
i 'm not about the details of the slide , but rather the general shape .
here 's a description of the street .
we lose them .
now i can also stand on my head .
they make more bad decisions -- bad financial and bad medical decisions .
so in the 20s , you should continue to map further and further and to map yourself about your body and your own opportunities .
the first steps of history i 've told you about , a billion years per piece .
but impossible is these ideas , and i was convinced that all of my students could learn stuff if they worked hard enough .
i also think in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not enough .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely unappearably .
he says , " there 's scientific research analysis with real intellectual value . "
but i 'm going to ask you one question .
thank you very much .
but instead , i stayed a glamorized piece that was only on the back of your head , and i realized that casting-dador-dador-long kat-like , disabled actor .
so for example , an organism could learn to eat a certain fruit , because it tasted bad and made it sick , the last time it was eaten .
this is how some hollywood can imagine .
if there was an olympic championing , i 'm going to get a gold medal .
it 's going to touch it deeply .
so how does that work ?
new things come out of such a way , " weak-hours , " so friends of friends .
who 's going to get up for us ?
if you take the standard pollination of decision , that means you 're going to be overwhelmed , the heath , i lose it .
and these people know something that we lost from the eyes .
it was the fear of terror that shaped their lives .
we 've built a website and we 've asked a human race , " if you see a wired , please share us where it 's when it 's on , " because sometimes it 's closed during business , of course .
you know , it was a trick , right ?
and he pointed out the bus inviting tourists coming every day and usually their cameras were carrying out their cameras .
this went up like 15 or 20 minutes . and then she got up and she came over . she took me over . and she said , " come on , bryan . you and i 'm like , we 've got to talk . "
the only country in the world .
and basically , the concrete stone is becoming the building block of our time .
to achieve a realistic outcome , so it 's going out of me to be able to go out of planning .
this is what happens . i saw it , and yet i see it pretty rare in the movies that we know and love .
but i like emergency plans .
he had uploaded a lot of natural videos .
that as humans , we 're not completely designed as long as we don 't care about human rights and basic value .
what are you going to consume ? what are you going to desires ?
we live in today and we live in a kind of spectacular child in the business of the everyday world .
hold it in the hall of the communist in sayon 's eyes , as it has to acknowledge that his life had been a single waste of life .
i got a traffic ticket because i wasn 't on the wheel , but i often have disabled hand to drive you on the wheel .
diginar is a full-power-star , and you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , it .
unlike the one-century , the one-year conversation in the 20th century , the participation of the community is to become our way of becoming part of that phenomenon -- either by spreading it or making something new .
sometimes i too much urge to do .
and then i got inspired by these beautiful buttons of the dressing women .
my inner tip was very strong , and as -- yeah . so , the first day in kindergarten , i ran like a champion that had a lot to get you .
in the next 15 years , i learned new writing letters every day .
it 's a totally denied of mistakes .
the press talks about the time-lapse exercises of adulation .
because her life depended on whether she was doing the job right .
so bakery smells good when you come home from work .
i was in the other hand .
this is a place called a rich culture and tradition .
and i thought he had nosticks .
these people represent multiple trillions of millions of dollars that will flow into the global economy .
his life has a meaning .
i go to the study and visit a man who might be 13 or 14 years old , and should be on trial , and should be as adult .
and they could sort of figure out the time they could get english and iqually qualifications .
but web videos have allowed us to all or all of our creative activities , to become incredibly famous in a part of our world .
and so the dramatic numbers come in the jail .
but " the magician in oz , " was different .
he was the hero for you , you know , he was the movie " rain 's man . "
they 're motivated by something else -- protests , say , an opinion , or through your audience .
the most beautiful thing is , as you start to understand the electronics that surrounds you in the day and you don 't learn in school .
what i want to share with you today is how we used satellite data to find an ancient city that has been exposed to the name of ij-i and was degraded for thousands of years .
i think that 's what we have to change .
over the last three decades , the crime rate in america has dropped out of crime .
four years ago , ray kurzweil and i here at ted , a new university called singularity university .
as a young lawyer , i 'm having the great privilege of meeting pink parks .
if we can put these , you know , we can start to put them together .
we know that the brain is going to take its second and last big grow into the 20s and digress itself for adult age , which means that whatever you want to change your way , and now time is to do this .
this is the kind of building that we , my team and me , as an example of what we should design , was shown .
the idea behind the past wine is that it 's a growing library .
i swapped kids .
and it 's connecting us all together to something that 's much bigger , and capable is capable of developing faster than we 've been on .
so we take something very complicated , we turn it into a sound , and we make some of it into the sound , and we make something very complicated in the minds of others .
and we 're not going to improve government until we improve the state-of-the-art simulterity .
if you don 't feel better now , i don 't know .
they shoot the decision -- they put up on their own -- even when they go to their own best interest .
not just all of the dead , your body is deciding to the unseen .
and that creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photos you 've actually taken .
your clothes just cover all the stuff , and she sings " hit me baby " a baby , " as she does on your living room table .
every day , parents and teachers are asking me , " how do we support this issue of kids ' content ? "
i work in the solar technology industry .
and that made me think .
the goal is more trustworthiness , and that 's going to be difficult if we want to be trustworthy and want to talk to others , and if we want to assess , whether other people , or what other people , or officials , are trustworthy .
i trust that my mother-bottomed girlfriend has a walk , but maybe she doesn 't realize she 's a secret .
he said , " what 's going on with you ? now , please don 't you . "
because i think that to really understand this , we have to go back and look at the thing on a longer period of time scale .
imagine a totally crazy story with an unintended stream of pictures to remind you that you first of this crazy race , you want to talk about this crazy race .
i 'll get that , and i thought , well .
because that was cheaper , she lived along with her friend who was leaving more temperaments than his ambitions .
we know very precisely where all the money-automenties are around maaste .
i gave her medicine that we call dure intimate , tables , so they make the liquid goodbye .
it never occurred to me that china doesn 't have to be at the center of the world .
diginar is a certificate .
so i 'm going to show you an example of what i mean .
you mean , goodness , we 're going to get the  ⁇ 0 percent reduction ratios in mobile phones in developing countries to the end of 2013 .
this is the work of very smart people in the new urban machine office .
thank you very much .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
and i came back to read a whole stack of cups about memory , rejections that were written two thousand years ago and more old in latin and later in middle ages .
my grandfather was in the perhibition .
it also has this idea of public space that uses the outside of the activity to create activity .
and then , on our first ethiopia 's first visit , i was really obsessed with this free-style structure , where thousands of people go and shop every day , on little merchants .
they changed our culture , and i would argue that they 've also changed our cognitively .
56 percent of rape is not a lieutenant .
i recommend it all of you . he 's on the internet .
you know how many decisions you make in a typical week ?
i 've learned something great about work with keith obern , and i 've learned something about it . all the people on the internet are dirty bags .
this is one of the few times that we see holmes in his stories , and i find this little scene very moving , but also mysterious . right ?
and it 's very obvious that this is going to be worse .
and we trust , we don 't trust one of the future government , a government that we might have in 50 years ?
if there 's a band in our family , it 's going on through the women .
and third , their image is not about the place of africa and ethiopia .
today , less than two percent of the energy consumption of the earth continues to be advanced , renewable sources like solar , wind and biofuels , less than two percent , and the reason is economically constructed .
and maybe i 'm a long enough business than i can give up a piece of my own false prize to allow this .
we take them off , throw them away , forget them , because we know there are people on the other side who care about it .
and the amazing thing was the opportunity , and she was going to take it .
he 's actually the first florist that mogado for 22 years , and until recently , before mohamed was there , you used artificial lobe mohd , the houses that came out of the foreigner when you wanted flowers on your wedding .
and i learned in my little dormey in the dark body of resonance in the toronto room , irides , irist , irresistant from here .
right , bryan , the judge has the magic wizards .
it 's a game that 's called foldit .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and he passed him on .
so go ahead and start inventing .
we 've put a little contagious agent at the entrance of the business .
they 're a very inspiring personality .
this is projecting .
they choose more likely to make things that they make less satisfied for themselves , even if they do it objective .
so what can three billion growing , healthy , educated , productive members of the human community bring us ?
what about a sentence of new , never heard voice before .
but let 's look at what we 've been able to achieve in the last century so that we can see the development .
designers can train their ideas so directly to 3d , and surgeons can practice virtual organ under the screen .
i could never imagine that .
why is there so much power -- big m -- is there -- in the movies that we have for our children , and so few yellowstone off ?
and it 's going to allow people to go from their blood pressure to their doctor to send him to their doctor , for example , to share it with others for something like a hundred dollars .
they grow up to five inches of ma .
good attunes are sensitive .
because at that point , an individual -- learning happened in the period of time of a single organism , rather than over this evolutionary period of time .
i just have a memory on average memory .
and that would remind you of imagine your friend edok .
this is what drives a lot of insight .
we had a team that was working on a project last year in boston for the three people , two and a half months .
but what i know is that talent is not about them alone .
and then i did .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
we have tools like " girlpost " and we hope that 's going to help , but i also wonder if girlspost they protect them when we actively , active , passive , and passive , we teach our sietas , we teach our " cpower . "
turned the munn , and i got home .
okay , a couple more .
and of the people who stayed in than 24 , only three percent actually bought a glass of marmade .
without assistance of her husband , she was kind of a senation by taking him to court and being in her own case , and another greater sensational message when she won .
your family , you know , is going to go out and pick the stuff you want , and not because it works , or you 're going to look up the time to death that you just picked you up .
i don 't know .
so i 'm going to tell you a study that i did with gurberger , emirica , we went through , and we went through the fact that we used to make the decisions on the spawning of almost a million americans , about 650 plans in the united states .
in our own countries , we 'd never do that .
" risk is not a simple game . "
in 2003 , my brother from another mother and father , dean oish , and i started with the new yorker arabic american comedy festival , which is now its 10 year-old .
i think the overall picture makes sense if you put it in a number of billion steps .
and gary said he 'd be willing to offer all the people in this audience a all-in-th lover paid leave to the most beautiful path on the planet .
no jealousy , no probe . i know it 's come into fashion , that probe has the answer to everything , but in punko jealousy , he really has that .
nobody there to teach me anything .
we tried to predict what was going to be the cat-sized position , and which was not .
i was invited to play a movie with adam sander and with my idol , the wonderful dave matthew ,
i felt really good .
phoney , computer , video change , cd-rom , and so on , everything we specialized is what we 've built in our community to do to make this information hand .
but so many people got the help of this over the years .
in fact , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could ever have written by hand .
i 'm just saying , how fast are we used to movement today ?
hello tedwomen , what 's going on ?
the adults didn 't believe it was serious .
and i thought , well , that 's going to be so hard , painful .
you smell the creoco cookie cookie that it shred in the mouth .
that 's because the government is like a cross-creating ocean and politics are the top 15-foot .
his so-called peace talks of the marketplace , when it 's created , the view of the people changing their way around their city .
i think the claim that the goal , the goal , and the task is based on wrong ideas .
it was a grouper .
does it smile too much or does it randomly bise you with a man ?
so a couple of weeks ago , we took the little to risd , and we gave some designers that didn 't have any technical experience -- just cardboard and paper -- and they said , " what does . "
what do you do with the certificate ?
over time , it changes . it changes , because for people , their actions are very natural .
now , we all use , or many of us , gmail or one of your competitors . but these services are especially common in totally unitable states like iran , where dissidents , where dissidents , like gmail , because you know that they can trust more than local vendors , and they 're encrypted by slangers , so that the local government can 't gather around their local government .
and i 'm from jersey , where it 's really important to be around chicago , so when my friends were wearing the wind , i 'm also .
and finally , a society is not measured not measured by how they treated rich and powerful and privileged and privilege , but how they deal with the poor , the judgment that they were in prison .
that 's how things are made in the memory .
it stirs young people to create the economic opportunities that they 're desperately searching .
maybe some mutations .
and yet there 's this mental shift .
we should pray for them . "
a tree is for a tree . two trees together for a forest .
we live in a " jealousy " moments . "
each of these techniques that i describe to you today is to help you manage the opportunity -- good for you , you can use it for yourself , well for yourself , good for the people you 're offering you to serve services .
half of the consumers are going to go from the many , 56 car farms to the low , four pipes .
it was a bunch of guys and a few ladies , very different old and hygiene ,
i was shattered on the ground .
because the jealousy we are , the more we 're going to draw our fantasies .
i think he shouldn 't , because a lot of the movie -- i don 't know if you saw it -- but a lot of the film is going to be in a message where the men and women are hiding throughout the hostage .
and the old saying , " if it blows , demand is really true . "
so we 're starting to rely on computer for a process which is different from classical engineering , and so , in a way ,
and it was my mission to look at the emergency room for the trigger-personal advice that looked at the emergency room .
another idea that fascinated me as a child is that a whole galaxy can be stuck in a single murmur .
" knowledge is the biggest of all the workforce .
when i was in first grade , the government wanted to send me to a school for athletes , all paid .
and so in this moment , simoni thought something that we all intuitively know that we all know , no matter how bad we can also call phone numbers or thumbs or annoy instruction of our colleagues , we have a very good visual and spatial memory .
thank you very much .
people with disabilities are the world 's largest minority , and we 're the most underrepresentententent in the entertainment industry .
we sat together and we made a brainstorming to help the biggest challenges of your city .
and that 's going to be added through these little , colored jars that use the light from the building to light up at night to light .
notice two things about this curve .
what i do instead , and what do the designers of thinking engines is , we think at some abstract period , we 're thinking about this machine , and the engine does something that extends our capabilities far beyond , better and faster than we could ever do it ourselves .
the problem that the memory-west convulsion is complete .
how do you turn it , or where the " might be , " you know , who 's going to be in the back of us ?
if i show you 600 magazines and put them in 10 categories , or i 'll show you 400 magazines , and they 'll put them in 20 categories , and they think i gave you more choice and a better record experience than i gave you the 400 different than i gave you the 400 different over the world if given you gave you 600 .
this growth mindset continued to be a great idea for building blocks .
they 're in many cities .
okay . thank you very much .
oh my god . oh my god .
we know that the first 10 years of a calling an exponential impact on how much money you 're going to make .
no jealous king , no " adventure from 1001 night . "
" nyan cat " is animation and music in endless loop .
personally , i think it 's easier to make a place than find a place , because you don 't have to have to be able to make a sense of the ideas in your head .
thank you .
and there was another nurse , not the nurse , who had seen the women , but one of them , three words for me , and these three words were troublingly the most emergency room i know .
what happened that day ?
that we have to connect our visions of technology and design , of entertainment and creativity with humanity , with compassion and justice .
" monekyball " seem to be short and about to use statistics and to put up a great baseball team .
but what happened to the " citizen connect . "
because we live on a water planet .
she took me outside , and she said , " bryan , i 'm going to tell you something , but you have to promise you don 't have to continue it . "
and we bring them back , in a contemporary story for children .
for most of human history , we couldn 't just go faster than a horse or a boat with sail on sail , but in 1969 , the mannity of apollo 10 with about 4,200 kilomething per hour .
there was a time that people invested in their memory , they were always going up to their own devices .
so , in a way , the people that were mistrusted 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still mistaken .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizen to clean up the clogy gulls .
at 16 , i started to illustrate books .
i can 't give it to all over the world , even though i 'd like to do it in some days .
she grew up at a time in the confucianism , the social norm and the local mandarin was the most important person .
maybe it still needs a village to raise a child .
put a mouth on top , it means " idio table . "
difficult problems are difficult .
but in a certain way , you can do something that you can still create something that looks three-dimensional , as if it could exist .
i don 't like to call myself the first one , but i know you 've never heard of the evil little smell , that women aren 't funny , and they 're funny , and they find us funny .
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their sub-routines , and the children periphery the features of the sub-saharan africa from the two programs .
if somebody lying , it 's not just a liar .
and yet we seem to be quite happy with this .
so to accelerate that blink or slow down , you just turn it on that button , and it slows down faster or slower .
in some way , in some ways that we don 't fully understand , these droplets have the ability to get information off .
suddenly it lets it to admire that genius that genius that he was crushed before .
a lot of people with cp , but my parents didn 't believe in a " can 't . "
a lot of these systems have the opposite effect .
but more importantly about this app is that it represents a new generation that infects the problem of government -- not as the problem of a shrinking institution , but as a problem of collective action .
and then , ab , mr. carr invited me to come and say , " bryan , ms. parks come into town . we want to talk .
centers have been built up .
and to do this big project , the biggest project i 'd ever designed , i really had to understand the city of tunis , but also the environment , the tradition and the culture .
try to fulfill this prerequisite preparation .
and there are projects like this on every level of government .
and i think that our current punishment is not going to help anybody do that .
the program is called " code for america , " and it 's a little bit like the peace corps for geek .
the english term " top " top " moments " -- a theme , which is a theme , and it 's from the greek word " topos , " which means " smooth .
the bible is interesting , but weird .
a few days later , we went into a buddhist temple in foothra , and we sat around their sargas .
and this game was played by university professors and so on .
what about the people that are not possible because they don 't have access -- for example , the middle west , for example ?
but they don 't solve the great problems of humanity .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and because it was late , and i couldn 't really think anymore , i started working on a contract .
long ago there was no gray whales there -- 500 years ago .
" human . "
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
and we 've effectively been switching the gravity and controlling the movement by combining magnetic levitation , mechanical drive and combinationsiveness .
and every year , we ask the students to create the goods , products and services that can make good , within a decade , live by billions of people on the basis of legs .
and they can do that through these methods , but they can also do it through crowdsourcing .
he 's there , but it 's not just like you think , and days after days , it 's really bad , you 're very , very quickly .
so i had put a little bit in my head to find another calling .
and i would have caught my sister and i , and then , you know , and my grandmother would drink from that .
what happened ?
and if you look for your smartphone on google , you have more access to knowledge and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
but on youtube , over 48 hours of video is uploaded to youtube .
sometimes profound problems that seem technically soloible , but not that way .
armstrong and alrine alone , but their presence on the gray moon was the pinnacle of a permanent record .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
over the last few years , i 've been wondering how i can take this wall and so that anyone who has an interest in this complex language , and they also understand and appreciate it .
and so i think that you can pick up my newspaper -- yeah -- i mean , opinion .
narrator : bin laden 's death kills a risky risk .
and when i listened to her , she made sounds epidemic .
let me show you how they work .
and you know the suffering from people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
he doesn 't stop to appear .
i want to change what people do in the 20s and think .
do you trust fishermen ?
some of my friends are competent and , honestly , i wouldn 't leave you letters in the face , because they 're grossly aware of it .
baker 's weird white people carry .
i was invited as a guest to the news program " county kidna roith oberman . "
my grandmother was strong , but she was also loving .
the goal is to trust more .
it 's this head-bogging connection that i think is driving us not just to be open to all the bright and exciting things , but also for the dark and dark .
but what they really do is to show what technology is possible today .
i ended up my mission . i got this girl .
there was a meeting on a reconciliation and a quiet voice said , " i 'm going to get out of the way . "
something was mutilated in me .
where are the people in the ' 20s here ?
being here at ted , watching and listening , as stimulating as it is , i 've given me a lot of force .
i was just in a hotel room in sydney , and i was dying . 1,000 kilometers away in melbourne .
and the point of apollo 1 ⁇  saw , and my mother was not too much in the springy out of the snucky of the sunny-v rocket .
the process of itself , and so i think , car billboard is the word for it -- if something changes pace up its speed .
to give an example , in the most extreme case , we can make a program that 's made out of random occurring .
and although there 's an unseen amount of techniques to actually record different things in these fights , but all of these techniques are based on the concept that psychologists call " elaborate encoding . "
the contradiction " something happened with our ability to solve large problems with technology , " has become a platetale .
that 's about it .
but we 're looking for that . first trustworthiness , then trust .
i thought about it .
in silicon valley , you say the markets would be guilt , in particular , the premium , the presume that the company would offer to the companies .
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
seventy-three-four percent of work , don 't go to school .
my third little story is about my middle-class happiness in the introduction of the tramnational hauling in southeast asia .
it 's also like a kind of breathing or circulating .
according to the statistics of the department of labor , the job in the city is to teach the 10-most jobs in the country . and i learned why .
the united states today has the highest incarceration rate in the world .
and if you think that 's crazy , you should know that there 's a three-hour version of it , and you 've been looked at four million times .
last month , this has released with a study that shows that , by the end of this decade , in the sunny areas of the united states , we 're going to save six cents a kwh , and that 's going to cost about 15 cents at the national average .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and espouses and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and over two dozen different kinds of water -- and that was at a time when we actually drink water .
we have to admit that swann and prostitutes are jealousy .
however , there was an interesting and diverse and diverse distinction between the brain of a memory master and a control person , compared it to it .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
and i have to say , there was power .
i had to say it 's amazing fun .
this is edok , a guy from england came from england and there was one of the best printed poetry .
he wasn 't invited to that cinema . he was too young for that .
they started to train specialists within the community , specifically structures that were responsible for learning , understanding and holding information .
he wants to create a place where families and young people come together and see how he says , enjoying the beautiful things of life .
secondly , they have to have a lot of energy , because the surfaces of glass are what makes heat inside , and then you have to have a lot of cooling .
but you know what ?
it 's not just code for america 's bestow , there are hundreds of people all over the country who are standing up and writing government apps every day in their own communities .
what might the jealousy ?
i thought i could integrate .
now look at this curve .
ninety percent of our fanges were swams , other animals that are connected to the cause .
a group of years ago at university in university in london , a group of memorywalks brought into the lab .
if somebody takes something that doesn 't belong to him , it 's not just a pity .
you want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i 'd never made . "
number , humiliation , loss -- that 's for wisdom .
any other emotion is revealing our aggression , our hidden ambit , and our worn ?
she had the last word in every family .
you can google this , but it 's not an infection from the waiter , but the top breath , and it 's caused the breath hold .
we teach our students all the technology , with special focus on how to be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
this is like hollowing tubes in the ice , just instead of layers , the climate change , you 're looking for , you 're looking for human locations .
and then the leslians of the u.s. shoes go there , because we lose , " sound and delusional " the big gatlfy , " " " " " madame boy category , " on " anna karenina . "
it was always so inspiring , so blobs .
and yet , here in this country , in the south of the old south , we 're going to point out people -- here 's the risk to death row , elfly , if that 's a victim knows , than it 's black . 22 times higher , and the smashing of black and white -- and the states where the world is in the same state where the yellow , and humans are calling .
and all the neighbors can go up and get together and do things like a two-kram spray in the morning jump from one building to another .
if i go into a space -- like right now , i don 't know what you think about me .
i learned that from my grandmother .
and that 's why , for instance , is the best-giving antibiotics growing .
can i give you a bow in your life that defies the brave of every wave that dries the unbried , steady tuck of the engine , the horizontal horizontal , the horizontal horizontal , that doesn 't guarantee ?
on the left is the woman .
so i talked about youth unemployment and training , and the neglect of the marginalized and disvaluement .
they just need 1,000 pages of deceptions for a simple understanding .
i always liked some glowme for a glass .
and more exciting than just what we have at the moment in computer , is to materialize , imagine how programming in the world is going to change our daily activity .
i brought together about 90-year-old leaders .
child mortality has gone down by a tenth of a tent .
there were gazard seeds of about 20 zenetters , black trash broke open , a species under the color of the bunky .
michael j.derson from the mystery of science theater was one of the first things that made a joke about twitter .
i was shocked , and i was betting up to the inside .
we all have to do with the techniques that we 've been working on to do these incredible memory tricks . techniques that have invented the greek two 500 years ago . same techniques that the cicero used to learn its speech , and they 're using the medieval , and they 're using the medieval art , and they 're using all the books . "
i wanted to go back to the routine and the comfortable of the life of an unknown location -- a grandmother , a grandmother and two daughters that were going down every day as little as 20 years as they were telling each other and doing the stories of their day , and lying , we still included three of them in the bed .
it 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and i think that business instinct can be the most effective means of waithod ,
until -- as many of you might think -- this year , when you finally got out the film " the florida -- and you 're going to see the highlight of the highlight . "
the only problem was she had 10 children .
they had 348 different types of marmade .
it was a remarkable privilege , and it was an exciting experience .
if you 're more , then you 're going to mean two " fun " and " three people .
but it 's this contempt , the thing we own , and that allows us to pay , make something that works against us , something else , and then we disengage ourselves .
jealousy makes us become very creative .
the sun .
i 'm not a robot ; i don 't always do things the same .
and prohibition friends would have to leave the country if you want to leave the country to join him .
napoleon soldiers got silver-bottest , nicoleon itself got gold-plus .
this person is looking out of the door . " whispers , " " out of wake .
i saw the little hut of a cliff and looked at a crystal clich , beautiful seas , as i was kind of a horrible perception .
but wait for this , this is really my favorite project .
and like a lot of people , i thought that it 's mostly about wanting to vote in the government .
because you do that just like this when you 're called yosemite mountain .
because it 's kind of wake up to something that 's lost in a way .
and not even like a tech company , but rather like the internet itself .
the novel very well described how buckets might indulgin ' intensely look , but not just to look at it .
so they either survived together , or they went together . that meant that if a community succeeded , all individuals of the community have been kept going more and more likely to be part of the colony , and they preferred evolution .
open your mouths as far as you can , until it 's quadra table .
you can see that in the opposite of the mind as vulnerable , it 's a very good indication that you 're trustworthy , and you think you 're your own words .
most of our ideas were crazy , but they were a couple brilliant ones , and we did the breakthrough .
and yet , 46 percent of all the killings don 't end with a misunderstanding .
and i started talking to some of you .
and i tried to thank him for his work -- on this day of day , but i started crying .
in fact , the recipe for us is our genes , which is exactly the same code and the same type of code .
we love innovation .
16 terawatt energy is opening up every 88 minutes on the earth 's surface .
so she had a good excuse to carry a glodd of dress and get a magic wand .
this year we celebrated the 200 . anniversary of his masterpiece , " looking for the lost time , " and its greenly analysis of the sexual source , and the normal competition , my thing that we hope .
now there 's a big difference between these two films , even multiple different differences between the " the oz , " and all the films we 're looking at today .
we worked late at night .
thank you very much .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
you 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today that less is .
if you asked somebody , " when did you see the last time you saw the new type of flowers ? " and then the answer of many who grew up in the civil wars : " never . "
i even knew the differential nodes , to standard renaultabularisel white ai .
you know , the best thing i can do is to the films i can look for .
and i honestly find the objective of it .
i found that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
remember what the critic said when " mint " did you know ?
this is what the graphics looked like .
but my dream was to become a chinese opera singer .
so now i have a new generation of programs that have come from combinations of programs which have come up with something that have come closer to the regulations than others .
remember , as carl sagan , the voyoter carl saber vehicle in 1990 , when it was at saturn , it was moving back to earth ?
as proctor and gamble decreased the different head and shounder species of 26 to 15 , they got a rise of sales to 10 percent .
so in these plans , we had about 65 ⁇  pl plans , and we had something between two to 59 differentondends .
in addition , we picked some strategic points of view , the idea of thisore , and they hooked them up with straight lines , and that changed the original pattern .
and it 's a 25 ⁇  .
you know what i 'm talking about , right ?
how do i think you 're going to motivate your distance ? "
that means that the player is going to beat three out of 10 beatles .
and on this curve , on the back of moore 's law , we find a bunch of extraordinary technologies that are available to all of us .
i started to realize i was teaching my research about stadium and i met the man .
i think that 's amazing .
no , the reasons why we can 't solve big problem is more complicated and profoundly .
okay .
and finally , she said , " the last thing you have to promise to me is , " you 're never going to drink alcohol . "
so for example , choreographies can be taught over distance , or michael jordans ' famous worf and can be revived back in the real world .
it turns out that we can actually deal with more information than we think we have to simplify it .
so we put a pattern on this , and that makes sure that most of the homes are perfectly aligned in this direction .
this area is huge -- it 's about four miles .
the people i grew up with were not a problem with my faith .
they just put perfect people in there .
i stopped at broadway .
these are the apshop .
for a whole year .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room , and she stared at me .
we challenge team all over the world to combine all these technologies together in a cell phone together , so you can talk to the device because it 's equipped with ki , you can test it in , or you can test it in the blu , or you can test your blu .
at the end of the day , he 's undergoing a tent outside of a psychogadic .
mr. jain is self-sustainable pedal , which is unknown .
here i am with my standard competition with my catalyst .
i want to do less tasks that my son is told , " goat and fight alone , " and more tasks that he should join a team , maybe a team that will be led by a woman to help others become better people and be better people like the magician .
we 're in excellent society .
now , i 'm a bit of an optimist , so i think that 's what 's going to happen here .
and the other thing is totan mom today is in the fourth or fifth row .
both projects are in emerging markets , one in ethiopia and one in tunisia .
do you trust politicians ? do you trust teachers ?
they had over  ⁇ 5 different kinds of olive oil , including those who were embedded in the boxes that came from a thousand-year-old olive garden trees .
and this video was actually sent back in january .
but by the end of the apollo program , 24 people flew to the moon .
if i 'd been a ego , then i 'd written it on a virus and put it in space .
we have to increase complexity .
from the people who stayed when they were six , well now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a glass of marmel .
but they do the job .
and every morning i sprout it .
you only get them through accidents like the one that happened on the day i was born .
i 'm a human . i make mistakes .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just consumers of government who are paying taxes and services .
and some other memory danges .
she said , " and what are you going to do when you 're here ? "
they 're the halls of public health .
and to my horror , i didn 't just write it , i sent it to the courts .
and that 's what 's going on with the experience of life is like a marathon , not sprint .
other medical attention to this , but the critical care medicine is especially important because we see the patients so selfish .
is it so obvious that jealousy , based on person -- desirable -- prevent , such a solid basis for a story ?
they never really thought about starting a company .
three fire together , you know , collect lots of flames .
cliffs park in new jersey is my hometown .
i 'll never forget that .
and in which we did this simple thing , there was a 20 percent increase in the amount of people who were willing to save or save a trip to four percent of the amount they were willing to pay for the spar account .
nobody can say who was there , nobody knows where they were .
now , in the last 10 years , we 've seen three key negative consequences that offer more and more choices to people .
and i want to leave my comments on this , which is , you know , we 're so far .
i first developed this tool that invites the digital world . so if you press very much on the screen , it turns into the physical character into pixels .
imagine if you 've got a blind taste test and you 're passed on an operator of the average of 400 on blind-dogens .
these are matthew anderson , tifi al-da , and so on .
and we 're not going to go on .
so we created some cost savings that we used to save to realize the project .
this is the sun with the origin , because japanese is from china .
and it worked for a while , until i met a woman .
and the online criminals are very easy to understand .
we 're going through the same steps that have been through more biases in the way that we 're using -- the abstraction of our methods , how we 're going to capture data , we 're going to process it .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
if a human being reaches out his arms wide , this person says , " it 's so big . "
the comparison is actually nothing new .
there was an energy , an undaulting , an odd mistur of the humility and the wagniability .
i felt really good .
if i was in a room filled with colleagues and asking for immediate support , and to tell you what i just told you , i 'd probably not really hit the second story before you really would get there , and somebody would think you 'd be a joke , and you 'd be going to change the topic and forget the rest .
and i had a son at that point .
and because this was completely surprising and humorful , casy never made any funny idea and his argument was looking at his argument five million times .
it 's the same information . it 's the same number of possibilities .
thank you very much .
there 's no public park in mogadu .
she fused those two people .
and the more open i was talking , the more i should tell .
wr want to help people who were convicted of innocent convicted .
and in the break , a police officer came in , and he was in the courtship , and he was the janitor that the house was in the courtroom .
i learned that i learned the origins and telecomers , every branch of an artery which is going from the aorta to whether or not , whether or not , or any regular differential button ,
and over time , there 's little fish left , and we think that 's the norm .
and i think all of you here are part of the creation of whatever comes next .
and this evolved into a passion to find things , to find things that have gone through and archaeology .
and i went over and i just heard it .
they 're getting lesser because we catch them .
and the next moment they 're on a wavelength .
and when you do the timeline , and you never do the same thing again .
so my recommendation , the only one i 'm going to give is to cameron , so he turns " avatar ii " underwater .
narrator : a common theme . voice seven : 65 wastes .
we concluded that we concluded that magic and magic was replaced by machines .
first of all , there 's a wizard of oz , and there 's a lot of violence .
and because the government finally raises its strength of us -- remember , " we 're going to people ? " how do we think about it , is going to affect how this change happens .
and as we wait for it , we still have the literature as a cup .
because it suggests that you and i should rebuild trust .
and we think we want to think that 's one of the main problems , why all of you -- maybe most of the electronic health projects fail : because we stopped listening .
and sure enough , we can find fast food rocket .
" you haven 't left it . "
call the animal singer , it costs a lot of money .
you know he was here in 1835 .
this is technology-based innovation that we have today .
so the question i want to ask , and i 'm going to ask myself , is , how is this new world going to be ?
these are the two characters in the movie that know more than anyone and their knowledge love to share with other people to help them to make their potential to get their potential to immortal .
crisis . death . disaster .
but eventually i decided , oh my god , i have to put it in court and this crazy case .
there 's another piece of puzzle .
investors have always been struggling to invest in technologies like energy , which is a huge , very private equity and developmentally long term , and risk investors never have , ever funded the development of technologies that are going to solve large problems with immediate commercial problems .
and so i sent it home , i missed a silent voice in me , trying to say , " goldman , no good idea . don 't do that . "
they also had to register a sheet of text from this typewriter .
but is that a good proof ?
what does the illusion ?
and so many of these things are incompatible and as a research result , just now , show up and stressful and stressful so on , all the way down to the ' 30s .
i want to talk to you about the story of a little town .
what makes the difference ?
finally free  ⁇  free  ⁇ 
now , if you asked somebody , do you trust them , do you have a vegetable vendor ?
as a child , i had collections of sticks , rocks and pears and peel ones .
stephen watt .
and you can see that with the shell , and you can 't compare it to the beach .
we 're going up .
what 's important is that a solitary person or group of tyemakers took a standpoint , shared an audience with a large audience and accelerated the process .
and over 10,000 ara wired was detrimentaled .
and the next piece of puzzle is about four women in three generations that build together a new life .
we have to let ourselves go to the machine-holders of government .
first of all , trust is a statement : trust is a lot in decline , faith .
so i went to the court .
as a narrator of history , and the audience knows what details have to hold of , to push the knife into the rib . right ?
i 've learned that memory , in each of us , has incredible capacity .
it 's mostly what silicon valley doesn 't agree with .
imagine you were invited to give a talk here at ted , and you want to keep it out of your memory , just like cicero did it , he would have been invited to tedxroom two thousand years ago .
so if i wanted to tell this story , i had to put myself in a position .
as you can borrow , digital information will not only show us something but start to interact directly with us directly with us as part of our physical environment , without telling us about our real world .
we forget how he 's notable .
she opened a computer business , and then she did a cosmetic computer , and she opened a business .
another of his tactics was to make a dollar bill snow off my nose so i can start it .
i founded " mayso 's " kids , " a charitome unified , trying to give the palestinian refugee children the fraction of a chance my parents give me .
but that 's not going fast .
what 's going on here ?
this is my wan-age . it 's a very simple thing .
i learned very simple things in my work .
it 's not a short-term , it 's a problem of accessibility .
architects can actually strip their models directly with their two hands and rotate .
and one of the things that we introduced on the radio university was to make a key listener to the audience .
put that bar , you put that in there , and you added an additional effect , and you made a lambig .
i don 't remember the pirates that came on many times , but i remember the death slide from the men who were crushed on our boat , or the diarrhea of the engine that he didn 't want to start six hours .
and yet in our country , there 's a dynamic -- we don 't like to talk about our problems .
in social swarms and black people in the population , there 's despair and hopelessness , because of these changes .
i was a girl with cp .
until the ' 80s , he was mixed up in a grand style .
if you work with somebody in the ' 20s , you love them because of you in the 20s , i want to see you -- okay , people in the ' 20s , really important .
but it requires a lot of planning .
but if something like this happens , this changes the qualitatively conditions .
and ed said , " i 'm not an in-house .
that was the only time my father ever saw a live step from me , and i devote this talk to him .
that means that eight of 10 decisions , experiences and ah-ha experiences , who make from your life , what it is , until you 're 30 , you 've happened .
and all of this is kind of compliant .
i remember it was like it was yesterday .
and the first thing i 'm asking is , " tell me how the capabilities differ from each other .
and because of this help , i was elected to jurastian in the last year of the law school .
it falls through the adulthood test .
we know now nine cities that are going to be planning to use this app .
there 's a lot of good literature about the impact that movies on violent boys on girls , and they should read . they 're very good .
it was amazing because one of the scientists stood up after my talk and said , " you know , it 's deeply disturbed to hear you talk like this . "
three months later , i was moved around , and that went on .
the second largest group we can see today is not motivated by money .
i didn 't know about emma-time going to go and nobody knows what the future of work looks like , but i know , identity capital makes identity capital pital capital .
how can we help you ? "
and we know that it 's just not making sense right now to try 30 or 50 years into the future , because everything is going to be so different , that a simple thing that we 're doing now makes no sense of what we 're doing now .
and i 'm going to spatulate that off , and i 'm going to spear it the rest .
in both cases , surgery got opera , and they went well .
she reminded me that i was now as old as they were when we got the boat .
so , in some sense , the technology will wake us up .
and most of all , i want to tell you about those of you who are just saying that , just simply , you don 't lose your target . don 't give up your eyes . don 't give up .
let 's go to 221 baker street and ask for sherlock holmes .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistake only happened in the first five years of being , which i 'm saying is , but total nonsense .
this is a fact that 's often asked a context in the elevated incarceration volume .
i came to ted because i think a lot of you have understood that the moral commotion of the universe is far offshore , but that it 's the justice thing that goes up .
there 's the blocks of polite with and the ground stories , and there 's all these intersection of pedestrians .
the definition of malehood is already going to change .
we predict that in 10 years , the quota of the acknowledged rights of citizenship will be as high as the choice of the law .
it would be unbearable .
this job distribution gave her the reason to leave her boyfriend she lived with .
my fourth technology : prerequisiteability .
she says that .
students can use this to learn complex concepts like planetary movement and physics . and unlike the screens or the text messages or the textbooks , that 's a real and physical experience that you can touch and feel , and it 's very powerful .
and when somebody else is behind it , it means " follow . "
so what i 'm doing now is i 'm changing the order of the choices that make decisions seem .
i 'm a journalist , i need something that it 's worth writing .
when i executed the property , the first step to expand the existing street to create the first 12 blocks , with similar size and properties like the barcelona and in other european cities with those .
and by the way , i didn 't learn this in my work as a lawyer .
a government is absolutely necessary , but it has to be more efficient .
and there 's , " you put your finger on every light . "
they didn 't eat , they threw out because they were dead .
one day , freud was picked up by a very young man who was consumed by the thought that his wife was deceived .
and we ask our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us attorney to behave like nodes , to crowdsource this nation around the world .
i remember , he told me he had graduated from a university degree , unemployed , and frustrated , the perfect goal was to be a member of al-shab and other terrorist organizations .
how do i get them away ? "
and there 's no ijai there yet , but we 're going to go back to that site to draw a map .
there are tons of exceptions , and i 'm going to defend the disney princesses from each of you .
in my birth town , mogadu ,  ⁇ 0 percent of the young people under unemployment .
it 's probably the smallest of 21 apps that have written fur blogs in the last year .
and around this hollow habit , we place the idea of a market of a small grocery store that changes in every floor because of the hollow space .
imagine that this artificial intelligence victim has a cell phone to have a cell phone .
and finally , he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the livestock is there ? "
i say this because i think identity is very important .
but he was the second child , and he was actually less intended than his sister .
and in a moment , woods is on another wave of wavelength like leis .
the kid in me is really excited about these kinds of possibilities .
that 's a way of doing it .
today , we have 20 arabs in the city , and they 're still all my family .
thank you .
we spent one afternoon in the public library in sow city library in the white wood city books , just fascinating .
it wasn 't good , physical health , and it wasn 't iq .
it might go for a year , but nothing .
and i think about this at eight years old , but i also think about the story i 've heard in the news .
no apple ever swallowed up like this .
somebody made an old-fashioned version of it .
he put a plant outside of a moogadish and started to grow to raise tulps and lips and livestock , which he said , could survive in the smoking climate-like climate .
and last week , meeting dutch government papers , i asked one of the most conductive group , whether he was able to find that it possible for the diginar shark attack .
and i went to the west point of my research , and i went to the west point of the wall of the wall .
we 're close to the landscape , and we 're moving around the world cup .
jealousy likes to detail .
as a culture , we 've demobilized what is now the important decade of adulthood for adolescence .
i spent my summer in a war zone because my parents were scared that if we don 't go back to palestine every single summer , one day like madonna .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
and chicago has just launched it , so that people would free up the guerrillas when it 's sniffing .
we 've all heard of fat and nephews , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , the apsparas ?
i want to warn you . this kind of identity is something that drives us a lot more than if we didn 't care about it .
nobody has to give your ideas green light .
and i got a woman in the ' 20s who wanted to talk about boys .
we don 't worry about fixing our coffee cup , or to fix our bags or our water bottle , or to put it in , or to fix it around .
i wanted to understand who does the job .
if we can 't throw away the old stuff , we don 't have room for the new . the engines of the economy , when the consumer is trained .
my mother suffered from the boat .
their parents were born in the 1840s in virginia as slave .
i think that 's amazing .
what else can we do ?
thank you very much .
technology looked a little bit like what alvin toffler 19 ⁇ 0 called a quicken forecast .
hello tedwomen , what 's going on ?
let 's go back to my world of medicine that i 've been talking about a lot of woefully better or maybe a little less well-being i 've talked to you about it .
i knew that she had come to say goodbye .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home , and i got that cramb with beer and my sister and i went to the forest .
now , it turns out that even if you 're defusing yourself to participate when more choices were to choice , even if you have negative consequences .
if i ask you one question , raise yourselves , i 'm blind , just hand if you want to burn some calories .
i 'm the new doctor .
and in the cerebral palsy , it 's not genetically .
and i was like , when we stopped sending us our watches and our cameras from them .
and yet we don 't really understand the possibilities of that yet .
when i say reality , i 'm not talking about the photography .
do something that 's going to be an investment for you , invest in something you want to be next .
it 's about creating a prairp of a prairpian affirmation .
and more importantly , we have to have conventions for young egyptians who are trained in satellite technology so that they can be the ones that can make the same great discoveries .
now in this case , this round of magnet like a three-dimensional pixel in our world . that means that both computers and humans can move all the way around -- at least within this little 3d space .
but then we all realized that this idea of the market is a lot more profitable , as an idea of a shopping mall because they can basically sell more damage .
we have to measure whether we 're succeeding . we have to be willing to fail , unscathe to learn lessons and start to start first .
so here we have the filter , paper and water bottles , like gordie ...
i said , " yeah , yeah , she 's going to be with the men under her beds , she sleep with a weak head , but she 's not going to marry him . "
but this is actually completely composed of photos of different places .
at that time , the most powerful feeling was an amazing rensocuration on the supernatural forces of technology .
but before i get to the actual subject of my talk , let 's start with a little baseball .
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
it 's almost an idealistic response , like antibody , which attacked you people .
and the difference is perceived as loss .
literature alone is taking the jealousy .
and so , in front of three women , that 's called " marriage . "
but that 's not what happens .
and the reason for that is , if i would draw it on a normal curve , where , say , this is the years , so the time of a kind , and this is a popular mass of technology that i want to be on a graph that i 'm going to be on , the graves alph .
with the funny stories that brought alex with his session , it was easy for me to just pick up with your head while we 're pushing the problems ahead .
and basically , the bottom of the ocean came , and then they threw it back .
i love the fact that my talk and my home where i live .
it always has to be in motion .
so this approach is all about new things that we do .
how about the arab spring and the things that have happened in egypt ?
last year , the new york times published a study that the government did .
they say , " no  ⁇  tell the people we grew up with this . "
in my contract , i explained that misbehavity of the state department and police and police intervention ,
she 's a puzzle that 's still put together .
thank you very much .
you know , " please repeat that process . "
i have cerebral palsy  ⁇ 
but it 's not documenting .
i said , " we 're trying to get against injustice .
the economy needs it .
the most important 200 channels give you to grasp 40 percent of the simple literature -- enough to make roads to convey the streets , to the trail maps of certain websites or newspapers .
we decided to do an experiment , and we chose marble for our experiment .
there was a parody for every single week in the first time of the day .
we went through her address book , and she found the residents of a cousin who worked in another state in a different state in a museum .
put a mouth in the door , and it means , " ask . "
in 2010 , we had just been connected under two billion people online .
it wasn 't just to convince the contractors to try to persuade these ideas , because they thought , " that 's not shopping mall . we didn 't ordered that . "
they had entrepreneurial solutions to local problems .
there was a time when we solve big problems .
today i want to talk about one of the biggest problems of our modern day , the decision-making problem .
basically , the language of science and jealousy .
and i knew i was going to go up to the restaurant " crazy maneuver . "
they tap into internet connection .
so if i want to record another technology , let 's say , let 's say , a transport technology , that would be on the semi-logithmouth , very unlikely to come along in the future , in a way .
would i have been a terrorist ?
in the meantime , in the bell lab , the next revolution was announced the next time , the next building block .
because to do that , it can lead so easily to collapse on the horizons , so light can mean that you accept the assumptions of the environment .
everybody asks me the question .
and the important purpose that you 're going to get us to touch with the inside of the touch is where our passion and our happiness comes from .
" the good earth is about the life of chinese farmers .
and of course , that 's because you don 't usually get all the people to hang out in the nose .
the person who 's supposed to remember the person called baker 's , remember , little less likely to think about the word as the person who 's going to remember the person with the bakery character .
we pick out some furows every year , and we let them work with towns .
i learned a couple very simple things .
and then you 'd say , " well , what if you were to go , " do you think ? "
he 's wearing his poem out of the memory and leaving the room . and at the exact moment , the hall breaks behind him and groomed all the guests .
now you might think that the problem of humans performing , that , surely , when they were living in predators , animals , and they were only killing after a few generations of what they had done .
i gave my usual talk , and then she looked at me and she said , " mhmm . mmm . mmm . mmm . "
and i love the fact that i could walk from my house to new york city when i wanted to .
we also found workstones -- karnol , quarters , and watch -- showing that there was a jewelry researcher .
simoniodes is out , the only survivor of this disaster . he 's slept with his eyes and suddenly he 's leaving , and he 's leaving to see that he can see in his face , which he likes to see in the guest .
so this was a tool that was broken through the border .
but the fifth commandment took me a kind of epiphany : " you want your father and your mother . "
i didn 't really like the etiquette .
but in our efforts , to change the way that we exist on this planet as a species , we also have to pay attention to all the costs , including the very human cost of work .
this is a little bit of tapew tape that helped her get a job there .
what if jealousy was really just a physical problem ? if it were just about how we 're lying around with the other relationship " ?
i know people who did this job for several years . their bodies still were hanging out to the weight that they would carry on their body , carrying tons of garbage every week .
it 's the one who tells you that not what you 're doing is bad , but you 're bad .
they always worry that they lose area .
we studied youngsters , who worked in very difficult residential areas , and we asked , what are teachers going to be teaching at the end of the year , and what would they improve their learning outcomes in their students most effective .
and we want to put this on a global level .
i don 't know . i think it 's just hard at the end of the pain , because think of what happens when we 're jealous .
it 's not 1961 .
his name is paulie , and we used to work together , and eventually we got good friends .
don 't define you what you don 't know , or not have you done .
i didn 't get the role .
and we have three billion new minds that we can work online to master the new challenges and to do what we need to do .
and this year , you 're going to do it for the first time to reduce the solar power in india to 50 percent of the diesel- diesel-off -- 8,800 rupees compared to 1 ⁇  rwandpei .
some bacteria have figured out how to stay away from penicillin , and they 've written this information together with other bacteria into the dna , and now we 've got a bunch of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate amongst each other .
we all move to a world where we can get closer to the underlying technology and in magic and technology can announce .
you don 't have to be an engineer to create beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful building , beautiful buildings .
although tragic it was , he offered a vision of how much our memory is going to make us who we are .
the university in graduate school sought to live .
narrator : there 's 8 : tschumarous . voice 9 : cyberattacks .
the head of coca-cola has just raped a large test project to start with hundreds of things in the developing world .
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
in christian , the publication of economics , political and spiritual .
i didn 't really put this map first , for example , because chinese students grew up with this one .
half of the jobs have never been attributed . so if you contact your boss ' boss to your neighbor , don 't get you out of a job .
i want to see some of you .
in the united states , the institute of medicine is 100,000 .
the second example is a map of the house for 2,000 apartments and institutions in tunisia .
apollo created jobs for 400,000 people , and he needed collaboration between 20,000 companies and universities and institutions .
and the color-created and whistleblowers , you might remember " avatar . "
what you need is a new medical culture .
i 'm still connected about my behavior .
it 's the story of emma .
we know that 80 percent of the most precise moments that happen in time to 35 .
i don 't think that .
i won the competition , which is really not supposed to have happened .
and when my friends were going to be spent their summer vacant from jersey , i don 't .
there 's also some grandiose women who write new stories for our children and so three-dimensional and wonderfully hermine and katis , they 're still movies .
my father taught me that walking when i was five , by placing my he on his feet and just lying around .
just as primates . hats are inherently vulnerable to nature .
there are some good scenes that men in this hidden deep , from fearful conversations and the great moment that one of the actors has to look around and say , " come into the bed , honey ? "
we all want to be star-so-finded , singer , comedians -- when i was young , it seemed so difficult to be .
i 'm talking about race , and i 'm going to ask if we 're right to kill that .
the next step was to find the app for this .
and after two , three days , it got clear that she 'd never come back .
thank you very much .
you have to make the sound of the wind , you 're going to blow away and read the rest of the book .
i have to warn you . i 'm not a source of inspiration , and i don 't want anyone here with me , because you all have a point in your life already in your disabled life .
the next step is now within these communities .
i live professional computers , and i know i could do the mechanics that i could not use to build computer without using any of the recent science in computer technology .
and i was really struck by this as a journalist .
from her , " two foreigner in the train , " and " the talented mr. ripley , " all the books that act on how buck -- they confuse our mind , and we 're once in the sphere , in this rich , in that realm of the amount of egg , in the memoir , in the meme between what might be -- and what might be through a moment .
why ? and can we learn something from that ?
and i left medical school with the idea that if i knew everything , and i knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as close to complete vulnerability as possible , i would be immune to this .
i started thinking about textiles , like a bowl of concrete with computer information that fills the air , and the light , but in the colored form .
and that 's when you take all your feelings about politics and the snake at work and all the other things that we really care about , is government , in the core , in the words of tim ' osilby , " what we do together , we can 't do on ourselves . "
and i made my first mistake ; i sent it home .
trustfulness should be , and to refuse to be the target .
they use tools like the state-of-the-strojans to get their computer with a trojans that allows them to monitor their entire communications , to listen to their online dorkscater .
it 's as simple as what i said to alex .
and that 's the message i took in medical school .
they 're steeffe and strange programs .
how is this story different from the other ?
today , we don 't just find enjoyable to something , we 're going to do something with it .
the other thing we want to ask is that companies around the world help us with the confirmation of these wired .
i 've met a lot of really interesting people .
i 've come across the united states , and i 've done show in the middle east in arabic , and i 'm not locked up in the united states .
it 's not a choice between privacy and safety .
or maybe not .
she said , " i think you can do anything you want to do . "
and that was not a difficult diagnosis .
instead of programming , wired , wired , hard-to-valleing , allowed little-e-e-a-mong experiences to make you intuitive gestures .
there 's a system where there 's two basic position -- those who make mistakes and don 't do . those who are the ones that are going to be constrained by the sleep and without any restrictions that have bad results and they 're going to result .
now this communication would allow the reasons for the reasons of communities that were in a certain sense in the same boat ; they were syntable .
it 's slowed down for none of our major problems .
if a lot of things have been transferred to the ' 30s , there 's tremendous pressure to start a career in the ' 30s quickly , to choose a city , a partner and two or three children , in a much shorten period of time .
and so , you know , the task .
i 'm going to talk more about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
and they 're leaders .
we can gain some trustworthiness .
and there 's good news .
good night , cute thylacines . "
if you 're smothered in a criminal event , pretty safely your phone will tap .
the underwater part is from a quarry .
during my childhood in maine , it was one of my favorite exercises to look for sand  ⁇  s  ⁇  to look for the coast of maine because my parents said that was blade .
secondly , we should have the same kind of lighting device .
urban trash , what we think about when we talk about garbage , is three percent of the national waste streams .
so no untue helena , not " odyssey . "
and it 's diskable if that really has solved a serious problem .
thank you very much .
the film didn 't let go of it for months .
ok , so that 's easy to say , but doesn 't make any mistakes because it 's a lot .
her mother just blended her alone .
i remember i 'm like i 'm a five-year-old .
no , no , no , no .
every time i played a scene from " the glass maker , " my teachers , i saw my teachers .
and instead of economic standstill , i see one of the biggest economic myths .
i was together under the starry heaven night with sufi singershattar ali .
when the air was in , i came out , i got out into the classroom , and i took the notebook from the teacher 's desk .
 ⁇  " symphony for a sea bird , " from thomas morton , " the run of the water -- the hint of the taoism of alan watt " rather than lose me in translation , i found out how much i could win .
it turns out that it 's going to the way that it 's going to pour super-poon-polling at the bottom , and at the bottom of the northeast , the number of three to 331 different types of magazines going up to 664 magazines .
it would prove the world that everyone can do this . "
compare that to the magician in oz , in 1939 .
they put us in the shoes of building things that were bigger than us , buildings , bridges , one stone after the other .
on the new day they read them -- woman printer , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
home where ?
now , why do we draw graphs in technology on semi-logist , and then you know ?
the honest answer : i don 't know .
and your work is what makes us do .
what do you think of the average performance for a cardiologist or a nurse or a nurse or a place or a place of birthholder , should be a rescue assistant ?
everybody was walking around , and they were having fun , but then at 30 , the music all of a sudden , and everybody started to sit down .
he 's the guy on the left .
and is it about something else in your entertainment than something else , and you like the guy you like ?
but what if we turn that whole thing around and we get digital information instead ?
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i 'm going to tell you three stories before to use time .
here 's a german car manufacturer that offers you the ability to reconfigure your car .
i imagined what that would look like .
i told my mother , i wouldn 't do that .
these people have to have supernatural skills .
in fact , this mountain of trufflebaper , getting collected every time you drive into areas where you 've never been mixed up .
that 's really bad for the workers .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
they can act by people -- " benjamin franklin " by walter isaacon  ⁇  " " john adams " by david mcculuthan " which were involved in the same event , or with friends with common experiences .
ohhhhhhh , wow  ⁇ 
this depalongy ran over to the older black .
it 's hard for us to talk about race , and i think that 's because we 're not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
instead , he looks at things that his wife , without realizing it , he 's doing so unthinkable behavior .
if we don 't deal with those tough issues , the positive and wonderful things are affected as well .
jealousy hunchy hair and little cute little desksbreads .
and finally , these big problems will sometimes deprive the solutions , because we don 't really understand the problem .
in the '  ⁇ 0s -- in the early ' 60s -- europe funding europe is a lot of development projects .
remember , a masai war with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better mobile phone in the mid-a-communications than president reagan 25 years ago .
the other one had a severe diarrhea .
so a couple of years ago , i started a program to get the stars in technology and design to take a year and work in an environment that 's pretty much all they hate , and we let them work in government .
we think of a piece of cake in lavndel .
but i remember the lights on the surface of the malaysan shore , and on the young man who was broke and died , and the end of the journey was too much for him , and the first footh of the first black rhetoric shoreline that one of the men on the platform .
so the theme of the day : financial saving .
my parents couldn 't afford to have physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
their family gathered together .
motors , motors -- four opportunities .
so for me , photography , it was more likely to be in the right place at the right time .
i also learned about the imminurableness of garbage .
she was a slave family .
and one night i stayed up too long and thought , oh my god , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he 's got to have magic forces .
hollywood is a very , very , very , very well , very well , very well , very well , very well , very much , very well , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very much , very convincing to play the most healthy kind of behavior of the handy .
the last advice :  ⁇  emma thought you couldn 't pick up the family , but the friends .
i manipulated the notes of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
what brings me to the second technology that helps you deal with the problem of decision-making , it 's the concretion .
at 1 ⁇  , she became the second wife of an mantar , whose mother beat her .
al is a hydan in the city of boston .
prohibition is trying to show us that jealousy is irrelevant and makes us look silly , but inside your core is a search for knowledge , the truth , the painful truth , and in the presence of painful , and in the progression , the more painful , the better .
i went to this , and we did survey all over south china , and particularly in the javish city ocean .
and then a goal : we should trust more .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to take a few decades .
and then it 's about the combination of the various images .
he said , " there 's no death penalty in germany .
and there 's a very good reason for that .
it was so obvious .
at that point , there are 50 million people in the united states in the ' 20s .
she has a button , ow  ⁇  out .
you know , what you call a 300-foot voor league baseball ?
but they 're going to give a message to the young boy that the boys are not really the audience .
it shows how government could work better -- no longer like a private company , how many people think it should be .
the next puzzle piece , as a boat in the early morning runs off at sea .
so let 's look at what 's going on in the world : we can tell the attacks in categories .
bakery is in their hands .
she had bought a corner and she spent all this morning asking her many contacts , but then she started to the blank page , and then she came to the ceremony saying , " in the case of the emergency bench , please . "
so if transport technology advanced as fast as the microprocessor technology , then we could get over to a taxi in a cab and in 30 seconds , we 'd be in tokyo .
emma 's story sounds like it 's all simple . but that 's what i love about 20-year-old .
i loved to go to this business , but at that point i was wondering , well , how come you know , never bought something ?
i was listing on the side to rehabilate and asked my colleagues to put it on .
i 'm going to tell you , i have some 99 problems and cerebral palsy is just one of them .
and we 're thinking about cases like diginar .
bryan stevenon : well , there 's opportunities everywhere .
i know , and i 'm sure you 're going to get the job done because you come from a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that have done the job .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
i also think there are theories that start to understand how everything started with rna , but i 'm going to tell you a simplified story about which is that at this time , little oil droplet that kept different types of recipes for chemicals .
there 's , for example , anecdote , that the captain of a captain so that the map of the art that would come from this area , that you can 't be used , or by fishing scientists , because it 's not science .
this is something from a romantic from patriotic high above .
and then next week , this is what comes up to the market .
you don 't have to build memory offices or map-s-based maps to make a sense of how to make a difference of how your memory works .
you know , i 've been porches that happened over the last five years .
in other words , we need to have these things to be able to get more content on our kids .
that 's me playing on my inaginary playbook .
you can say things here that have influence in the world .
over the last few thousand years , we 've invented a set of technologies -- from the alphabet to typewrite , to the kodex , the printing press , the photographer , the computer , the smartphone -- that we 've made it simpler to lay our memory out , to essentially imbate that human ability .
but they were worried that i could go to ramadan .
we 're in the middle of this transition space .
so that allows people to see a marine sanctuary and benefit from the view that can make it possible to resurrect a normality .
the other view is not , did somebody make a crime death , but : did we deserve to kill it ?
we also brought litte to design schools .
but in truth , we see it more and more , and more that if you 're willing to be too restricted , and the unimportable possibilities are going to go away , well there 's a rise of sales , there 's going to be the cost , " and there 's a improving decision-making .
we know that a process of developing a design process is not optimal when it becomes too complicated .
and try this again with another generation .
that 's not enough .
every dollar was being broken and put it in other english and mathematics , no matter what we had to do . usually the new thing that came out of two people .
and then when i look at these programs , i can 't tell you how they work .
these are the questions we have to engage with for the next 50 years .
remember the fire ?
it almost just seems like you 're a dormitory , and if you 're a girl , you should be better at bringing your war to you .
and then , of course , after terrorism , the racial disparity and decades of racisted sub-mistorphin , and apartheid .
the tilts were too lazy to get away what they had brought -- who did you think would go out of them ?
and eventually i got out of my car , and i went to the court .
but there 's a major goodbye to the transistor : the transistor was just for experts .
of course my grandmother would say , oh , you know , you 're special .
we remember when we have the opportunity to figure out why information and experiences are meaningful for us , why they have meaning and they can turn it into something that makes us feel meaningful to us in terms of our other reminded-time sense of , and if we can turn the bakery into the bakery .
thank you .
they come from ideas that are driven by the belief in our hearts .
because that 's where the real government is going to take action .
i think he 's selling hope .
you might know this , i 've got over 4,000 minto on twitter .
and i wondered what he was lying there .
we 've spread the kids ' litte to come and see them playing with it .
 ⁇  freud  ⁇  says the man to the hut of his wife 's undermining his wife .
emergency roommate was all the strands .
for us , the sun is the source of the wealth .
i did the x-ray of the kid . when that wasn 't satisfied , my colleague at the time , he said that , " the patient 's positioned in the bottom right seab , and she called the operator . "
i don 't know what any single transistor does in the mind of the connection machine .
there 's the online criminals .
so if we look at the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
i never got caught .
in all these different contexts , there 's a trait that made a trait to success .
i was a obsessional student .
it shows you what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
three things : tastemaker , part of the community tablets and unexpected .
so there 's all the tools there , and the only thing that we 're doing is our imagination .
i was kind of afraid of technology .
so litte sensitivity is open source .
if the reiss " fire " you know , " you know , " a person with high-poten trees , " like he 'd write , " help  ⁇  i 'm going to -- -- -- -- the scripture is borrowing from the original form of the flame , but i like this idea . you know , i 'd like to take the best .
there 's a program that some of you might know .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
and if i really think about it with my current knowledge about it , i don 't know the answer .
but i began to get my interest in photography when i received my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
that 's great . i trust you because you 've shown me vulnerable .
and it showed that today , the human pattern recognition is better than the best supercomputer .
now , five years later , it 's event organ for museums .
our data shows that a lot of talents just don 't get to their execution .
we can 't get rid of it .
and the more we choose selective , the better we 're going to be able to practice the art of choosing .
think about your own choices .
" oh , i can 't believe that pixar did a princess . "
i grew up in the country , in the old , rural south , and i got a brother who 's older one year and a year younger sister .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to storytelling device that can connect reader around the world .
i said , " no , no , no . no . no . no . just you don 't want to be beer . "
you read , like the new economist , the roles of housewives and brute control over the new economy .
she barely breathed , and she was in the field of blue .
we want to fight bias and discrimination in the criminal justice system .
or photos like this -- dark and color-thora , but they all have the common goal to keep a realistic level .
i don 't say that because i think it 's virtuous . i say that , because identity means power .
this piece of 50-year-old technology became the most magical thing for me .
we know that babies are suffering from jealousy .
that means the ball going out into the field , and it 's coming up , and it 's not going to get caught , and who 's trying to kick the first base , and it didn 't get the runner , and the runner was safe .
in academia , it 's a standard way of doing it .
when i met her as a little boy , she came up to me and hugged me .
when i was a kid , there was a future somewhere in the year 2000 , and people talked about what might happen in 2000 .
the first concrete blocks were made in 1868 , and then there 's a simple idea : mardle from cement with solid macken , who would fit together .
but somehow we can take it from this problem .
nobody knew where the next lifting cycle was going to be on this moment .
the most terrifying thing about this issue for me is that we know so little that science knows so little about how to look up .
they insisted that they can be entrepreneurs that they could make change .
and that 's what goes on in a genomed atria that creates a free air in the building that 's able to filter through its own form itself and restores itself and rain .
my first job was to drive a famous guy from new york city at new jersey , and i 'm never going to drive the face of the first comical fellow i ever met when he realized that he was going to new jersey with a mperson with a race car .
because suddenly egypt started growing up in maine , and i got to a hundred miles long , long , along the nail . and my sand  ⁇  s got to the size of cities .
without the necessity , sometimes it seems like we 'd forgotten how that 's going .
we 're talking about 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think about it , nobody gets to the adult age without going through the 20s .
i don 't know what his name is , but i don 't know what his story is .
i was storing my hunger for elter , and i was amazed at this book about a writer and musicians , " as the family of fu , " and i found myself in an independent woman , while the conjuan tradition . " " jane eyreyrey , i learned to be a very efficient international study on the other . "
what does that mean ?
and when he saw me , he came over to me and said , " who are you ? "
how is that going on ?
one story that 's going on with new affairs , like the environmental crisis .
the one who really want to make a choice is offered 20 full , not 300 or more fund .
so the neurons are the information processing deficit , and they 're building these cells , and they 're building them .
they 're in the emerging markets where you can literally see the cities .
we know one more thing that all the gas stations are .
he says , " you may think that 's abocip , but it 's not something that is also to interpret an ancient text or look at a memorial . "
but i always liked " in the eye care guide , the boss of scotland yard with the face of a rat , the holmes , the holmes , the holmes , the he likes to do , but he 's crushed it .
are you ready ?
the post-midium crisis doesn 't mean to buy a red sports carnage .
you put the uniform on the uniform and you make it invisible until someone -- whatever reason -- you get angry because you block the traffic with the car or you make a break too close to your apartment or a coffee in your local trin and you get to the place , and you say you don 't want to go anywhere near it .
this is what it looks like when he 's looking for a date , but what he really looks for is somebody who 's free to pick up when he 's a little wire because he knows , he 's not very good at bragging a mgle at a snow .
these people make money .
now , i 'm not saying we don 't have big problems -- climate crisis , biodiversity , water and energy issues -- we already have .
they flew to the moon because it was a great thing .
i think it 's very high-tech to say that we 're the end product of evolution .
i became a family , a traditional african-american household , dominated by a matrix of matriarch , and this matriarch was my grandmother .
i 've kept some talks in germany about death penalty .
the transition is happening . we can all feel it .
oh . wait a minute .
" when we fought in eastern europe against the oppression , we wanted to be anything . but what we needed was hope , a cognitively orientation , sometimes to be in hopeless places , and to be witness . "
when i was in my 20s , i had my first psychotherapy patient .
i put my job at 95 kilos of this .
last month i had the pleasure of coming to the qualifying the qualifications of " 10 million qualcommuniform x prize , "
in my show " white coat , black art , " i have the habit of saying , " this is my worst mistake , " i would go from the woods to the cardiologist , " and i 'm going to say , " oh my worst mistake , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , " what about your " and then i 'm going to show you with your microphone .
and although i had my degree , i realized i couldn 't find myself on a career in jura .
in the middle of the century , polio were eradicated smallpox .
different speakers : drug war . weaponry , pornography .
bjn sunny .
compare versus and perspective allow a complex understanding of a subject .
these are the kind of books for virginia living in the upper hand corner , like catadores .
it supports other people talking about their mistakes .
this person walks up .
and you 're like , " why can 't i be a little disabled ? "
in this state , about 24,000 canadian 's missing in action .
but then the technology of electrodes has been developed and made aluminum fashionable to make it so affordable that we use our way to our way to use our methodology .
the name from an old yearbook i bought on the flyshak market .
it means you can do the career you want to do , you can 't do .
a horse .
if you go from the curb anthant tree , and you see a city of the trash , you realize that garbage is like a natural organism .
and it starts with a doctor .
who tumbles behind us in rio ? or in paris or in london ?
my mother was working on farm , and then she was on a assembly line in a car factory , six days , double views .
it 's not something wrong with most of these things .
an amazing error rate . one of nine innocent people .
i want to do more tasks like this .
but there 's a number that 's bigger than this one , and it 's going to shake this space .
a couple of months ago , and i just had just forgotten all .
there are two possibilities .
lego made it possible for everyone .
these are just tricks .
and what 's below that is what we call bureaucracy .
i started studying children and adults in all sorts of ultralight situation . and i always wondered who 's succeeding and why ?
i want to tell you a different story about a claim , a goal and a task that offers a much better approach to things .
in fact , content is based on our knowledge of the knowledge of the lack of talent , but is correlated with talent .
they attach a blue to a green one , and they can make light .
but what 's the trick that makes it realistic ?
but we 're all good citizens of social media where the currency is envy . right ?
that 's not politically active , that 's bureaucraatic activity .
door . a board in the door is for the sale .
they work because they 're going to force us to work .
but eventually , these realities are overestimated by suffering , abuse , desalination , exclusion .
sometimes the perspective is illusions .
so the occupytop motion took it .
this is why the dome of the washington monument was made up of aluminum .
i was afraid that i could only get a happiness account for the rest of my life .
and that 's important .
" don 't get yourself as untold .
the words , as long as his friends , spot now .
and as we now , in 2011 , in 2011 , our governments like faith , we 're going to be sure that we 're going to forgiven for forever .
it 's not a miracle that everybody thinks it 's going to go worse .
now , i was nine years old , and so i said , " yeah , grandmother . i promise . "
he 's a " prisoners " like jonas at the whale .
so i had to hold myself up at the table of guest , so i didn 't roll out the scene from the screen , and when the interview was over , i was out of my own .
and then it sounds like , " in my 20s , mate was like the journey to jerusalem .
sometimes these ideas are devoted to our thinking , in a very important way .
as you can see , the lagoon was the lagoon of palms and it was surrounded by a bunch of mangroves .
and that 's where my guerrillas said , " well , don 't yet , but maybe she 's married next .
and i don 't think that the only difference between the best and the worst and the students .
it 's a lobster that 's afraid of the dark .
and my commiton was getting a firei as a first patient .
we don 't think we 're going to go out and stand in every official narrative or institution or institutional setting up a uniformity .
" more trust " is not a smart goal in this life .
because she 's innocent , and everybody knows that .
you have to give them a base that they trust you .
we think that because we 're taught that this is the true question that said , " did a human ear deserves to die for him , for a committed struggle ? "
aden hired kids who help him to rent the motorcycle and keep up .
how can we interact with the digital information and use it to exploit all our hands ?
now the average age of our furows is 28 , so i 'm , unfortunately , almost one generation older than most of you .
he went to the university in mogadu , and he graduated from there .
base baseball is filled with great statistics .
let 's see why the novel and the jealousy , the jealousy , and they 're so good , and they 're following along .
his memory is so bad that he doesn 't even remember his memory problem . which is amazing .
and just remember , because a broadcasting tree is pretty stupid .
let 's say i want to make numbers , that 's a simple example i 've already used for it .
oh , my time has gone ?
and they look like this .
she said , " i think you 're special . "
silence is ears are numbing .
and in buddha , they were all psychologist , all of the psychological nature : fun , fear and social responsibility -- interesting .
three together , there 's a forest .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
i 'm here today because of books , i 'm happy , happy , again with a purpose in life and with a clear look , most of the time .
and she asked the monk , " why is your hand so warm and the rest of her being so cold ? "
seven million people are admirerating or conditional punishment .
it could take place in a time frame of learning .
people like alex and i didn 't have anything as time .
and i think it 's important to unite both .
and the next one we got was , " i went over there , found the munnonne behind the house .
now we 're going to do this with a drill and a machine .
and i was through this rolled up because she came to the intensive care unit , and i hoped she was going to recover .
and yet we 're still going to go to the galapagos .
i had a better life cycle when i just completed college . "
and the surveys here are very bad for the actual level of trust , because they ignore the common sense that you use to trust people .
i like this kind of task for my daughter and i like this kind of task for my son .
i think of it as a puzzle of reality that you can take different pieces and put them together to create an alternative reality .
it 's not our office .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party , and you might hear about some other doctor , but you 're not going to hear somebody talk about your own mistakes .
this is a slide i happened to be selected from my file .
now , i know , i happen to know that she doesn 't drive well .
we know japan is the country of the sun .
and that 's the first time i noticed when i showed my daughter " star wars " -- which was a little bit later , and the situation was different .
so , content is not just in westpoint and the work of the spellest contests , but in school especially for children with a deceptionist .
and it turns out that if you make it feel like something is a very good tool , so you can get people to save more .
so i looked at the stageman and i said , " excuse me , can i get another chair ? "
and this is a very good news , because it turns out that we 're very good at the collective action with digital technology .
but they don 't perceive the previous losses .
i 'm going to start just briefly showing you a single boring slide .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility and make sure i was so powerful , and so i would be able to get to care of my patients without having to contact him .
groups like anonymous have gone up over the last 12 months , and they 've become one of the main players on the field of online attacks .
this is a state where the heart is failing , instead of pumping the blood , and jelly , you know , a part of the blood , stuck in the lungs , and so that 's why the short thing came to the shortness .
that 's true .
and that would be a sensible response .
there 's no role models for you .
he 's very good . don 't let it stop .
and by the way , the greatest absent against a population of the population is a better education and food in the world .
it shares your experiences with others .
the second story is to have another idea that the changing paths , the shifting pathways , and illustrates it .
so i 'm going to end up getting programs that can kind numbers perfectly .
and the idea of the facade was much , much cheaper . not just because of the material compared to glass , but because we don 't need air-condition plant anymore .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
i have friends who trust very high in their own capabilities , but they overestimate them a lot .
in high school , once said that brian goldman would learn for a blood test .
the unhealthy way i 'm going to talk about is the ones that make you sick in the inner condition .
it 's just like this . it doesn 't pick up roses because they need too much water .
so the first rule is that we should have the same kind of perspective .
today i 'm going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
it 's a navigated ride , and they 're coming up to you and their front door .
you know britney spears ? "
if a neighbor helps to the other side , we strengthen our communities .
so he got the citizen to check them out .
but any of you sleep or live in your life when everybody gets married on facebook is not a progressive struggle .
he went up and down .
" because you 've been keeping you in the morning , " he said .
but they 're actually teaching the rule .
he said , " grandma told all the things you are special . "
in 2010 , it had been looked at 23 million times .
behind the roof was a dump , maybe four square meters , with apple-on-one clones , together aluminum foil and an old turnh .
he always showed up here .
these technologies have enabled our modern world , but at the same time , we 're changing .
it 's connected by oxygen and silicon and silicon .
we love entertainment .
but the other half is not , and the second thing they put is there .
i.q. ' s most powerful students were not stealing up .
so i started to read two books at the same time .
and if you take a good picture , the result is pretty beautiful , and pretty realistic .
they 're going to take off , sweat and they 're going to wooll just duck down .
and the reason i think that this month was in mogadu was actually the direction of a poisoning for young leaders and entrepreneurs .
they 're so ubiquitous that they 've become the stereotype .
and we want to make this material available for all of us .
they were the greatest fear of pirate , rape and death .
people are always worried when i say , " limit . "
one of the exitable techniques for this can be returned to the ancient greeks .
but the question was , how do we design a more contagious , contemporary building with these principles ?
we 're going to work in a system where every day , when a 10-to-voyfriend is either a false or wrong , and in the hospital chapters and every day , and increasingly , will cause harm or death .
loans and sponsors were looking for .
on nine people we 've executed , one that we 've served to be innocent bystanding , leaving out of the death cell .
and under those panbels , we put up the roof as a new public sphere , and we would create the open spaces and open spaces that create these urban oasis .
but that wasn 't the end of the thylacine .
they had this program for 280,000 euros to the egyptian government .
we often talk about people with good memory , like it 's a special accompanation , but that 's not true .
and one time , we started a life .
the one on the left is jazz , and they 're on the right is swing , but you know what ?
and the first claim is , why do people think that trust has gone back ?
so we 're using these programs now to make the computer a lot faster so that we can do these things so that we can do these processes even faster .
we just used to alber people around there like this .
and one day -- this is actually a report -- this is -- this is : " thylacines in my mon . can 't tell if she 's dead .
not a shakespeare .
so the mobile phone costs about a million times in your bag , and it 's a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '  ⁇ 0s .
and nobody seems to be upset about that .
that 's why instagram is so successful .
" i 'd like to teach britney spears as you memorize the order of a mixed card detected deck .
in the room , a young man , aden .
we have the passion of a diy-innovator .
these images are extraordinary , because the transition is going to be very quick .
there 's nothing like that in the country . "
i sent them home without talking to my senior .
so i wanted to close with my favorite quote from the middle kingdom -- it was probably written in the city of ij-and-a-half thousand years ago .
we say , " computer , please make a hundred million random chance selected sequences of the boundary .
opportunity that would not have been allowed to be empowered .
so you have to be trustworthy .
so here 's a simple commercial example .
on july of 1969 , buzz aldrin from the moonlankton apollo 11 , and got down to the sea of the rest .
and i had to hold up to say , " i did . "
let 's take a very , very complicated decision : buy of a car .
but now you don 't have to worry about that anymore .
i 'm sitting here , and i 'm basically grant bowling notes from me , hoping to create a similar idea in your head , which has a kind of like a similarity with my original idea .
put a plan under the tree , and you have a base .
we didn 't have social intelligence .
thank you very much .
jealousy , it 's photos .
and we 've engineered an ipad app .
but we found a miracle trajectory : yoga .
they 're using online racing to make a lot of money , a huge amount of money .
and we use this word like this .
i don 't take the same course .
what do i look at ?
so to do this , i 'm going to start talking about some other things that really don 't have anything to do with technology or computer .
as you can see , these aren 't three special pictures .
when i start with the simple beginning , i 'm learning how to read .
and when i finally started studying appgyptology , i realized that this didn 't look like my bare eyes .
my mother called me a couple of minutes later .
they 're labeling certificate .
i spend most of my time in research and prisons , or death cells .
but for an outside , it seems as unovercomputable as the great wall of china .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , painted hundreds of millions of years .
and my patients are not cars ; they don 't always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
i was about 10 years old , and i was on a camping trip with my father in the add-on-one state , a wilderness area in northern part of the state of new york .
it 's very important that these tsunami are working , but people steal the batteries .
and finally , this older black man came with a very , very , very , very , very , very little in the courtroom , and sat right behind me , almost at the back of the defense bank .
hey , why not ?
we 've been taking the rheavic of punishment .
and it shows others who are wrong to not just turn out , but in a loving , supportive way that all of them are benefiting .
he died , broken through the story .
now , for those of us who gave up the government , it 's time that we think about it , about the world that we want to leave our children behind .
and i feel like i 'm going to go back .
an opera singer must start very early with the akrobatic minting , so i tried everything to go to the op school .
but on " citationspen 's connect , " it 's all publicly so that everyone can see it .
we want to make lifelong calls for the child , without a condition of child .
from the twelve that denied the surface , is alrin after death of armstrong last year , now the oldest one .
imagine this device . in the middle of a developing country , where there are no doctors , but 25 percent of the disease burden and 1.3 percent of the health workers .
the body can 't be properly managed .
so in other words , i define what i want .
that 's the work that 's in front of us .
another thing that i 'm going to do is i 'm going to draw something on the paper here .
it was a store called drapeck 's .
and when i heard that , i was relieved .
and it 's also between two parallel parking that don 't have a connection with the hundreds of meters .
so how does it work ?
the good news is that technology makes it possible to re-border function of government in a way that can actually do something that can do by boost society .
and i want to read you that .
i 'll never forget it .
the cost of solar energy in the last year by about 50 percent .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology .
a few years ago , i started to develop litteyits .
and if you understand the answer to that , you might say , " i 'm familiar with some of you , but not others . "
and i thought , " wow , how come i 've never heard of it before ? "
now these decisions differ from the number of choices they make .
rebecca bluckleway is one of the most popular videos of the year .
but our system isn 't just shaped by questions that have the racial disintuency , and it 's also being appalled by poverty .
but i wondered what if there was no limit at all .
this story , we 've heard many times of the galapagos , or heard of other places , it 's not very special .
i think these two figures are experts .
we 're going to sticking each other all the time .
two little bit of string up against the school , each one to highlight the holes in the other .
my cousins are running around all the time .
the new doctor is a human being , and he knows , to make sure his humanity , she 's not proud of making mistakes , but it 's all about learning from them so that it can be passed on .
vacav havel , the great chechelian politician , once said .
she said she 'd like to work in art or in the entertainment center , but she wouldn 't have decided yet , so she had bought her for the last few years .
and that kind of doesn 't work , right ?
president nixon declon that cancer was going to war in 19 ⁇ 1 , but you 'll find out that there are many kinds of cancer that most of cancer that are probably the most darn tough resistance against therapy , and it 's not until the last 10 years that you 've seen effective , realistic therapies .
every single one of you might be famous on the internet to the next saturday .
because it doesn 't really feel like it 's going to be the money .
he was in charge of the conversation because at the time , if you wanted to be a really big party , you wouldn 't be a d.j. , you 're a d.j. , you 're a poet .
how often did we choose a political leader -- and sometimes we have a lot of energy to vote for a new political leader -- and then we expect to think that the government reflects our values and our needs , and then we don 't have much change ?
they wanted to know , is the structure or anatomy of your brain different from the rest of us ?
maybe it 's done in some of the activity or institutions that 's taken off and gained it in others .
i wanted to believe that paulie was right .
a school uniform until the kneel , because it had to reach six years .
i didn 't just drive the truck . i drove the truck .
i 've done the research and sought the best headlines i could find .
what would the best institution be in a mediterranean climate for an apartment ?
there can be a series of changes .
but there was a problem .
two sunsets together -- " wealth . "
dr. dwck has shown that kids , when they read about the brain and learn how it changes and grows in the answer to challenges and they 're failing very much more likely to be able to fail , because they don 't believe that failure is a permanent state .
diseases that we 've been in charge of decades and centuries of control will spread and harm us .
now , if you calculate it , people would buy six times a glass of marmade , who you had six of them choosing than if they had 24 choices .
i said , " what are you talking about ? "
but then another very interesting thing happened was that , in a very interesting step where things got completely different . and that 's , you know , these cells started to communicate and share information so that communities have cells made up of cells .
so leakery requires his help , he 's cava and he 's so ashamed of the storytelling as you know .
my story starts right here in rajasthan , about two years ago .
look at my newspaper questions over a period of time , not much evidence for it .
but the adults didn 't like my idea .
maybe a poem or maybe a little bit of a voice
and the best thing about it is they connect to magnet .
it was the misguided drape off against drugs .
he typed " thylacine " into the official database .
in your day-to-day life , in your life , if you see the next time you see somebody whose job is to make it clean after you realize your time .
one of the last places in the world where you can still find people who still have passion to practice memory and cultivate your memory , and cultivate it 's this unique memory machine .
the death penalty in america is defined by irritating .
but never make a mistake , but nobody does anything but think about the details of how to do this .
now , before we got to lunch today , i had a talk with gary .
he invited the king of siam dinner .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
my parents wanted me to be an engineer like you .
so in these two examples , we 're going to go into the digital world .
the problem was that the experiment was not going to be planned .
at the heart of my work , the connection between our community and our community and the part of the environment , where architecture is grown from the natural , local conditions , and tradition .
yeah .
what you see here is the chemical changes in the landscape through building materials and activities of the ancient egyptians .
and then they wanted to kill them , because they could eat well .
take the switch out to the flame , and that 's what you 're doing , and you 've made a little blinker .
we 're thinking about energy scarcity today .
jealousy me , i am thrilled .
god , anyway , we don 't have the challenge .
you know , you 'd probably find the equivalent of finding the pin in the locust , with your eyes and base pair of baseball .
so i 'm correcting the jealousy vocabulary , all notes , all no imagination .
so i could say , for example , i would consider a given-known first grade teacher to teach you about the school teacher .
over the past decades , we 've been trying to set up control systems in all sorts of institutions and experts and equals that make us lighter to appreciate that trustworthiness .
we want to put every single interaction in this world into a utilitarian stone .
i said , " sorry , but if i can 't do the stunts , then the character can 't . "
these curvy leakers , for example , could be the first time , or technicians , just to make sure that the wheel is still in its place .
and it 's also a good example of how the government is going to get into crowdsourcing .
and let me show you a simple example .
she was back and forth in the dying .
sometimes we decide not to fix the big problems .
i don 't know what to do .
it allows us to do things with a much higher complexity than the normal methods that would allow us to produce .
concrete blocks became very rapidly becoming the most occupational nature of the world .
the store i 'm going to buy my stuff , and you 're going to bring it back and you don 't ask any questions .
journalists think dumme magazine for people in the 20s , like " twisted " or " kid , " "
and in my senior year , the asu eventually , they 're going to have a piece called " you dance in jackson , " really slowly . "
do you want to get there and listen ? "
these eight shrimp are radicals .
what would you say to somebody who believes this ?
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise you just look kind of wrong .
thank you very much .
so as far as the best idea i 've heard about content on the rise of content is called growth mindset .
the other half of the consumers are going from the low , four gears , to the 56 car color , many opportunities .
what does that mean ?
my good friend ray kurzweil , pointed out that every tool that 's going to be used to information technology , on the curve of moore 's law , and the price performance of performance , every 12 to 24 months .
she loves her new career and her new family and her new family and she sanded me a map in the stand , " now the line : ' " in the emergency room , don 't turn up enough . "
the older black man stood up . he looked at the depipy , and then he looked at me , and he said , " i came here to say , you know , you don 't lose the goal . don 't give up . "
this is north-south , because of the temperature difference between the two house sites that are created , and it 's created a natural by-filling hour .
i don 't know what they 're holding , but i can live with it .
you could do that . imagine you before your door .
what would a future like this ?
in fact , it 's not unique , there 's competition like this all over the world .
they 're fabulously in training to teach the girls how to get to fight against the patriarchat , but they don 't necessarily show the boys how to fight the patriarchat .
this is moore 's law for the last hundred years .
now here 's a conference where people talk about the future , and you realize that the future still is in 2000 .
we lost touch .
silicon valley says that risk investors move away from supporting changing the world 's changing , and growing up , and growing problems , or even creating problems .
i remember i had to have been eight or nine that i woke up one morning and walked around to the living room . all my cousins .
when alexander comes to the first session , she was wearing jeans and a great top . she noticed in my office , sling up their sandals of himself and told me she was there to talk about men 's issues .
i know that the most staggering things happen in these people , but i don 't have access to it .
i 'm 52 years old , and i 'm not going to drink a drop of alcohol .
i don 't understand where the thought came from .
" remember the patient you sent home ? "
today , exil " went out " to " go out . "
you know what word it was ? "
i think we 're just going to be able to put up our tosk on a new definition of maleness .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet of 5,000 times more energy than we use every year .
in the ' 80s , in the community of eastern germany , you had to register a typewriter , and that was register the government .
and when i think about creating abundance , i don 't mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet ; it 's about creating a life of possibilities .
makes it impossible to say how the photo was actually put together .
and then work later , he married later , kids came later , and they died later on .
and this is very important in medical science .
it turns out that kids with higher evidence , probably more likely to get the degree of vice , even if i could make all the measurable properties , things like families , and they 're on standardized tests , even how safe they felt in school .
and it wasn 't on the top of my top card , and he was very gentle .
i remember standing in front of this crushed hospital and wondering , what if i never had gone from here ?
and i explained to them that i could live from my body bed till i was a kid 's sleep , three months , so the fact that i could live on was a kid 's day .
nasa has even designed a plan .
but if i could give this , and i could make it safe , i would .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges you have to confront .
in 19 ⁇ 2 , 300,000 people were in jail and in jail .
and then she said , " you just have to promise me three things , bryan . "
leonardo best , you know , thought that big things are going to be done with a plan and a little bit of time .
and then we looked at what case , in which case , people bought a glass of marmel .
that was my way of getting rid of the confucian guilt and to restore the relationship to my parents .
ideas have started , but in fact , in 1984 v. ch.c. in a no longer-term lost city , and then again from the top .
the novel is very good at this point .
don 't .
since the age of five , i 've learned to draw every single stick mark every single line in the right sequence .
but i never got a role .
he was just three years old at the time .
that our whole survival of every single one of our survival is linked to each individual .
and then the next steps , like language and so on , less than a million years .
does he tell us , for example , that we should look for women ?
we could set up .
this is my friend ben primateore , three times more accurate memory champions .
two women are together for a " fight . "
this slide is an analysis of a data that shows you about the performance of risk compared to the performance of a local area network .
so these women got together , and they got together .
and when i listened to her breast with the stethoscopes , i could hear a little aggressive sound on both sides , and that told me that she suffered under confined heart failure .
i thought that was a game .
and these are the neural structures .
i want to talk about the problem , and talk about some of the possible solutions .
he gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes and send money home to his family .
in the other hand , i was involved in safe life , the tragic scar of violence , the drug abuse , and insulation .
the categories of the chosen one , they have to say something that doesn 't give the choice .
the doctors said i could never walk , but i 'm sitting here .
i don 't have anything to hide . "
we fit our norms to the new level , and we don 't call ourselves remembers what was there .
it was almost 200 million times this year .
it 's effort . i 'm a corner of shakira , shakira and muhammad ali .
they 're made before , light , to be motors , to be sensor-or .
alison beckel 's a comic book writer , and he shot in the mid- ' 80s this conversation that she took with a friend about the review of the films she saw .
if i asked you to repeat the first 10 words of history over simoniodes , so you would find it difficult .
a human .
i 'm not very interested in this , and i 'm not very curious about , and i 'm going to look at this great video , and i 'm going to look at a guy protesting in new york for a drive .
and yet , a realistic level .
over the next few weeks and months i gave emma to three advises that every 20-year-old , no matter whether you should hear , or woman ,
i started to look at shapes , and patterns that helped me to collect them .
you know , the average supermat is now , you know , 45,000 products .
i believed everyone could .
you may think he was finishing , but that 's not true .
and this idea continues to come up , and i started thinking about not just seeing the pixel in the room but making it physically , so that we can touch them and feel them .
i thought i was going away first .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little soapbox .
first tom ripley wants to be you and have what you have , and then it 's got you , and what you had once , and they 're like the ground floor . he 's reacting to your name , he 's wearing your jewelry , he 's leacher account .
it also puts me in a very exciting way about the great product i put together , and so i 'm ready to motivate myself with interest .
and that 's what happened in the trap of diginar .
we closed captions with private companies and we asked , what do we want to do their work ?
now , i took the courtroom apart .
for example , this is mr. dimitry goliew from kiew in ukraine .
i told him , " i 'm not britney spears , but you could teach me .
our sons will have to find a way to fit in and engage with this new relationship , and i think we really have to show you that a real man is a guy who is trusting his sisters and they 're respecting , and they 're engaged in their side and they 're fighting to the bad guys , which are the men who want to abuse .
it 's not possible that everything is always evolving for and forever as fast as we are now .
are they all ?
one of the most important things is that we have to think about it is that government is not the same as politics .
otherwise , i want you to ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so my first question today is , are you ready to hear something about decision-making problem ?
my first memories are of this boat -- the steady tuck of the motor , the clapping of every wave on the back , the blanket , the white and empty horizon .
now , i follow me in your kitchen .
he 's absolutely no matter what all the audio forces that are going around your head .
if you put it in a fmri machine , and you scan them , while they zoom in , they 're actually taking a look at numbers and images of snowflakes , you can see that in the memorywalks other regions of the brain , as opposed to the rest of us .
every single harvard staff is now going to be part of a second life fund .
i don 't know if you knew that , but bacteria can actually replace your dna .
but that 's so awkward .
for instance , germany , just a couple of weeks ago , the state-of-the-state , and this was a troyan that was used by germans to get their own citizen .
but if the person is inevitable , probably not .
yeah , it 's 9 ⁇ .5 percent saltwater , two percent , and we 're going to fight seven and a half percent of the water on the planet , but there 's hope .
and they developed fantastic apps there , and they worked with urban workers .
and i also thought , how do we close the building ?
she had long balances-linking hair and a little cute little type of desks , and she was good in geography and in the book .
two years later , i had service in the emergency room in a local hospital in north of toronto , and i was struck by a 25-year-old man with low-fighted ravosis .
now i 'd like to have my own children , and i 'm thinking about the boat .
and he doesn 't really have an idea . he starts with the animal singer .
this was true for her growing up , but as a 20s , she was about to pick her own family soon when she had a partner and she founded a family .
and what we 've done , in fact , we 've done , humanity , is abstractly we 've started .
and the question was , and i generalized it .
so i signed up the escaping and a ambulance and a chariot and a crew and they brought them home .
he waited for an opportunity to go to the future , and it was the first chance he offered to him .
because this is , of course , a picture you can 't take with your camera .
they 're going to evaluate it again .
high smith is one of my favorite writers .
thank you very much .
another time , we can 't solve the big problems , because our political systems fail .
i think there was this moment with the first kiss when i really expected that the rejection , because that 's how close a movie is , right ?
this is a site that 's in eastern egyptian delta , called menides .
when the golden cat corporation , they heard their 10 worst salesman , they experienced the profits , by 8 ⁇  percent -- a result of the sales , and the sales of the sales , and decrease number of sales .
so western governments are going to supply totalitarian governments to help them to do things against their own citizens .
i was a ph.d. student and i studied clinical psychology at berkeley .
so if you could turn that light back on .
i don 't just evaluate capitalism , i 'm just going to look at the interrelationship .
we 've been asking , and nobody knew .
this is a graphic that shows what it looked like when the video was first popular last summer .
and i 'm sure many of you have had experience papers and i 'm going to go back and go back and go back and go back to that .
how can a judge turn someone into something that he 's not ?
and i graduated home . my first role was as a staid in soap opera .
we 're all on ourselves and the solutions of the future are going to be harder .
and when i said , " no  ⁇  " she said hello . " when i said yes  ⁇  i was going to leave me alone .
a couple of ear lobes and a protector and a protector that was sniffed up to two little stripes because abdominated the largest enemy of memory wins .
green is the input , the blue is the power , the pink is input and orange is cable .
there 's a kind of aven declining from silicon valley where you train , that there 's less ambitious company than the years that intel , in the years , microsoft , apple and retirement .
what else could you pick ?
and of course , in germany , you can never give it anymore . "
bring young people with the resources they need , and they give them the support they need to make ideas to make them more confuse , and they 're going to create catalyst for urban growth .
and the thing is that the diet , electricity , transportation and communication costs have gone up a lot of times .
now , if you look at the way that these chemicals are organized , that 's kind of a pretty good picture of how they were doing this .
and then you 're going to extend your pupils , and you 're stumbled across your head , and you 're going to look down and you 're going to catch your stories .
maybe i did it with good reasons .
my father 's mantra was , " yeah , you can do that  ⁇  you can do it . "
i don 't have the sight of the view .
today , we started by talking about borders , but when we take this border , the only limit is our ability to imagine .
they will confirm it , because the evidence that they 're in an earlier form , are not as they 'd like to be able to prove their evidence .
so scot is getting this call .
he meets this dynamic young group , and they give him a chance .
and most people do understand that , but they think that 's one of the inputs to the other .
and it was an amazing experience .
it touched something very deep in me , identity , the capacity of every single person to contribute something to a community to a perspective of hope .
that was grandiose .
none of these extremists , they 're making decisions that would recommend someone would be when their future financial , where they 're going to be important .
the person in the mouth , and he 's like a locked up .
about an hour after they got home after i 'd finished her after i 'd finished her back home , and she would collapse , and the family called 9111 . the contrainationists brought her back to the emergency room , and a bleed by a 50-percent drop , and that 's a dangerous ,
and so every book , and every world , will become a little mormel that i 'm going to go here and i 'm going to go to the magic device in the device .
that might be a fire hydrant to juncture , to bend a clue , to turn a clash-and-ponde with a thylacine .
the storytelling is always needed more and more sense .
it 's about understanding the nuances of language .
if you generalize it , this is what happens .
so our goal is basically not very difficult to recognize .
i was in there .
i represent people in death cells .
you 're going to decide right now about your life .
they gave them a staple of cognitive dissent , and the answer was , actually , not .
who would ever want one ?
two flames about each other , " hot . "
and then when you look at britney spears , you remember a funny antivote you wanted to tell .
these elders come to me and say , " mr. stevenson , you talk , they talk . they tell people you to stop saying that we have it for the first time in our nation , and we have terrorism , " after 9  ⁇  11 . "
i mean , you 've got to start somewhere , right ? "
i got out of a hospital in toronto here as a woman , and i got into the emergency room at the hospital .
they competed for who was the order of a mixed map of the map , and they were the fastest-gif-grained map .
that 's not a cheat . it 's how information spreads .
we can do that for ourselves , of course .
a typical wal-mart is offering you today about 100,000 products .
" tree . "
now , in fact , the number of violence has not been very different .
we put six different flasks there , mashells marble , or 24 different flavorsch , and we looked at two things : first of all , i would be standing in the case of people and marmade ?
he gave them the chance of getting out of the withood 's state .
he talked to the family , and i 'm sure he was lying down and made sure i wasn 't sued .
i actually objectively refer to trustworthy trustworthy .
and they realized that the city never would ever release these hydids .
clo , knock , knock . is there somebody ?
and by combining a transparent screen and deep cameras , and that 's where you can get started and connect with the fingers and the face , you can now pick up your hands from the keyboard , and grab the 3d space and grab the bare hands with your bare hands .
you remember ? we 're going to have a lot of hype at oscar 's oscar , a great track record , a general match of what 's a good hollywood movie .
i started teaching in public schools in chicago .
do we really think we 're going to get to what we have to do without improving the institution that can be in the name of all of us ?
and that 's a method of recruiting , analog to reproduction . "
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
this map grows and it 's also softly and it 's also to orientation in the rest of the book .
it was known as the memory palace .
i 'm not sure what to answer .
what is it that it is to carry a uniform and carry that office ?
it could be a nice epilogue for my research .
freud should write about it later .
jimmy kimel sent the tweet that made the video of the last angel , populery .
by programming the object of digital , we 're going to free it from the constraints of space and time , by doing so , human movements can now be re-mining and continuously re-branded in the real world .
what do these people need ?
we have the capital of the techno-philant philanthropists .
we can do better with more categories than we can use more choices .
now , because you don 't know it was different .
the corporate headquarters is right here .
and after we saw some of these buildings -- there are plenty of them in the city -- we realized that they have three key characteristics of the building .
i made the decision to move to america .
and what was especially intrigued me was that there was a time to train the idea of knowing memory , to cultivate , not nearly as alien as alien as it appeared today .
and that 's what i 've drawn into the spell , and i want to know how these people do that .
but thinking in a way that is embedded in our own lives .
and there 's the idea that if we ban those who make mistakes out of medicine , we 're going to stay safe .
i don 't do this the traveling the 20s , but they 're already counting that are not even at all , by the way , not counting .
and more and more people came in , just because they were angry .
instead of sending them into the third world , we send them to death houses .
recession . standstep . egypt . syria . syria .
it got still . and then a woman said , " with our story , it 's impossible that we ever respond to the systematic chaos of people .
well , the name baker doesn 't mean you .
this gave them an evolutionary advantage .
and one day , emma was very rainy and crying for almost all hour .
to me , that means to bring up time , thinking and talking about the poor , the abusive people who will never be at ted .
a mouth that says where you go , " go . "
my parents always reminded me that i was able to do that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to teach gallery to be a general hospital .
but if you look at this movie often enough , you can see how extraordinary it is .
you all know the healthy shame , if you give a secret of the best friend , even though that one is lifted up , and then you get caught up and confronted the best friend and my dear friend , and my one terrible discussion , if you finish the end , however , the bad at the end , and you will lead to a certain kind of make a mistake .
you got it ? thank you .
and the next interesting period was about a billion years .
and then there 's this stigma .
you know how many decisions you make in the nin minutes versus the category of you 're going to vote for one hour ?
so my proposal is , do you make young people under the entrepreneurs , and you give them your own innovation , and you will get more stories about flowers and " peacebuilding , " rather than cars and " witod . "
and depending on its behaviors , we can predict the structure and function .
we expect a couple of exceptional decades .
i started my usual talk .
and i think that mass transit , in my view , has changed our world .
and she did .
and that doesn 't tell us a lot .
they need expertise and support to accommodate them to develop their business and start .
emma needed a better life , and i knew that was her chance .
the stone is coded .
and it 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids to study how the protein is going to evolve .
what happened here ?
and the most successful studio of all time produces a classic at the other time , and each one of you is about the journey of a boy , or a man , or two men , who are friends , or by a man , or by a man , or by two men , who are raising a little girl .
the little thing we added to the fact that we 've asked people to think about all the positive things that would happen in their life if they save money .
and then jimmy kimmel .
and his answer was yes .
and we were live  ⁇ 
now , who 's ready for that journey .
it 's about creating social effects .
if you think that the left side of the swing , and the ad right is jazz , then you clap your hands .
this group will go well , i think .
trust is the response .
we created a precious contribution by putting solar panel on the roof .
now ted was not founded in 1984 v.c .
my uncle died of alcoholized disease .
and the problem is , if i can 't finish off with my mistakes and talk about them , if i can borrow the voice that tells me what 's really not going to be , how can i actually do it with my colleagues ?
the mating of software takes a few years to do that .
what are these three billion people going to bring to them ?
and i said , " yeah , dear . "
i 'm going to stop that .
the poor ofps had been trapped in a broken book for thousands of years in denial , in an old muffy book .
and you could have coupled them with government-like services , if they needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to state-of-the-art services .
he described one of them as very commonplace .
the site was in the egyptian al-fayyum , and it 's very significant because in the middle of the rich , there was a great renaissance for ancient egypt , architecture and religion .
on a nice day in moogadish , under a tobathel sky , a car bomb go into the air .
but the nine biggest supermarket that today is the nine biggest supermarket in the world today is ali , and they only offer you 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in doses .
young people are promising from the city , from their metropolitan areas , opportunities , work , wealth , but young people don 't have any wealth of their cities .
it 's breaking images and text together , and animations , and touch .
and it becomes a mouth .
it 's not as many prosecutors as the number of women we 've just chosen to congress , so that 's good .
and when these people came and looked at who is the best protein record of the world , this was not a computer advocate , and it was not a caltech student , it was somebody from england , some people , a woman who was a date assistant in a businesspammation , and was the best protein record in a hospital .
please help us , and try to improve the health not just something but take your hand .
it 's much better this year . it 's on the rise of astounding astounding .
and i was thinking that if i was going to double my efforts to perfection , and i never even begin to fail to make a mistake that the voice could mutilate .
so we 're going to think about our brains , because our brains are not really acceptable , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really .
i was driving with the truck , and i interviewed the routes and interviewed people in offices and bases all over the city . i learned a lot , but i was still a nerd .
what you need is an environment you need to put in the position .
where the rod was in the course of the nile .
and she was something that made you want to be close to her .
cats look at cats that look at this video .
so i followed my gut feeling .
it seems like you 're using the memory part that 's used for the spatial reminding and navigating .
but the final thing is , the way we interpret the world , and how it can be made on a two-dimensional area .
please , just put the slide in there for a moment .
and the broken english broke the english that people have been exchanged between people who had one thing in common : they reassured .
each of these topics , of course , was many , many , many smaller decisions .
yeah , i 'm afraid of privilege , of lightness , precursor to the task force .
it might seem weird to you , but i 'm a big fan of concrete blocks .
because ultimately , we 're talking about hopeful , more engagement , more commitment , to pass into a complex world .
there 's even exploration areas like this versus the science and comparative literature .
and a whole remix community of the bottom , which made it a complete joke from a dummy joke that we can all participate in .
if you ever have the chance of working in your urban call center , like our furlo scotch cotton 's part of the program -- in fact , you 're going to see that all -- you 're going to see that the people who call for many different problems , including that a bag of thylacines in your house .
i actually made two mistakes .
here 's your marmelor walking .
and it 's partly doing it with methods that we don 't even understand right now .
and so it 's not really being perceived as a big loss .
what you find is that the people who are taking choices and choosing over and over and over again selecting the standard poll .
i 'm going to talk about a tiny , little idea .
she said , " that 's going to be very , very tired . "
the only thing i 've done is to change the sequence in which this information is presented .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but interestingly , when these drops , it becomes more interesting , when these drops of a trick on abstraction .
so if somebody wants to have a hundred million copies of my business card , i 'm going to have enough for everyone in this room and even for everybody in this room , and it 's right here .
i was like the house of the acting school newspaper .
thank you very much .
on the other side of the spectrum i learned how to read .
it 's a decision between freedom and control .
so we did a study that i did with slahnzi and alessandro prussiterovo , and we made a study with the people in gg -- employees who worked for gg -- and these people were all in one gathering together in which they were sharing their 401 planners .
so by comparing color , contrast and contrasting to the edges of the individual images , photograms , like fielded , disinfected , discharged color , and disorders , and we can actually push the borders between the different images and make them look like a single photo , although a single image of the most special dimensions , can automatically contain .
maybe i didn 't want to be the tool-related doctor .
and the reason for that is , the government could follow back where a text came from .
and they 're also called down from my general public transport to see where i can see where my weight is , not just at the moment i need cardiology or whatever , but also with a look at the past .
and to win , this has to make a better diagnosis than a team of highly trained doctors .
because -- let 's be honest .
we didn 't write this app .
so what did we do ? we conducted crowdsourcing in the netherlands .
i have a very complicated , messy , messy and confusioned idea in my head .
it 's the story of the derogated , unemployed urban youth that are punched in johannesburg and london devi , and then , after something else , as " orphod . "
and today , we 're all feeling like our popular culture , too .
i wouldn 't leave that up .
i 'm so familiar with that .
secondly , let 's get to the target .
think about the people at wooden , think about his nesis as a professor moriarty , this generic banking gang .
they have the properties of a fractal geometry , and that helped me to shape the entire facade .
the white lines are in the population .
and then he looked me in the face and said , " oh no , don 't you still do you crazy because of the grandmother ,
it 's like we 're distracted by technologists and theater , and we 're really filled with rewardingless toys . things like iphones and apps and social media , or algorithms , or algorithms accelerating the automatic business .
litteyits are electronic modules that have specific function .
i want to talk to you about a young man who participated in one of my meetings : mohamed mosham mosud , a flower study .
the ground was replaced by a yellow band-aids street , and from your oven , you get dorothy , the nonsense , the whiplash , and the lion of " the ozer , " opposite hand in your hand hips you .
but a specific fur , a man named erika seafood , noticed something else , and that was that the inhabitants of the sidewalk to share just before these parts .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
and then , after midnight , the monk and said , you 've got to close the sargas .
of course , a lot of people , scientists , will confirm that it was really different .
does the novel show us the way ? i 'm not sure .
and that 's what he did , and when he was doing a starving in the bottom right seal , he called the operator .
use your magic shoes to defeat the computers of the bad guys in the world , and they 're going to get the way they 're doing . "
i had a 14-year-old , poor black youth who were an agon .
you might think it 's better at 30 times , you know , to settle down than 20 or 25 , and i agree with you .
and we 've seen this in mobile telephones .
politics doesn 't change ; the government is changing .
but you know what ?
but i kept asking myself these questions .
but it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
and that distance has gotten smaller , smaller and smaller , and smaller , and now it 's smaller than a millimeter , the thick of a touchy , and computers have become accessible to everyone .
our goal was to change the negative image of american arab heritage into media and also to remind the world of casting epidemics that south asia and arabia aren 't synonymous .
although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the earth 's life , it 's not going to be pure metal .
and so i think that jealousy is not going to get us to do some of the things that are going on , or being a hell of a massive , or illegal thing .
i know i 'm never going to feel lonely or powerless .
the idea of the memory palace is to build a building in front of the inner eye and fill it with images of the reminding things -- the crazier , weird , weird , weird , dirty , dirt , crisp , that 's the picture , so it 's so that it 's going into the memory .
they 're wired to be , and to be aware , in a way that we 're not usually in .
and she 's working in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life and if that 's what , people make mistakes from time to time .
so mohamed saw an opportunity .
he used a similar technique to memorize the exact same sequence of 140 randomness in half an hour .
you 're going to shove it out if it snaps you sniff .
three out of 10 .
almost a hundred years later , in 194 ⁇  , lego came out here .
i really missed that i was so much confident that i asked the nurse , what was the nurse , who was the painter , " do you think it 's okay if you go home ? "
i want to conclude with a story that really excites me .
and sure enough , we could have released these hydids all the time , and a lot of people do that .
if they didn 't remove the garbage , every day efficient and effective , it would be out of the balls and the associated dangers would threaten us to very real , very real-world ways .
it was completely excluded that it could fail on doing that .
and it 's spread out , and it 's organic , of course .
she was a weapon , strong woman , she had an impact .
she was born around 1880 , and the experience of slavery shaped the world 's image very well .
all right , really good , maybe a all-star .
and i 'm going to travel a couple very special places .
photos like this : a building , along a lot of different route .
and that 's what i felt .
i looked through the wall , and i saw them standing on the other side .
the fact is that the media prefer to show us negative subjects because our minds paying attention to this kind of topics .
it increases the idea of the taore .
that 's not ...
we all want to have an alternative energy sources that can keep the price tag down . but there 's no .
and one of the things we 've done is i want to share with you through a short video .
but what are we going to do with this ?
but this story takes another run .
the sign of " door " looks like a lettuce from the wild west .
why didn 't i ask the top card ? why did i send it home ?
it 's about changing norms .
but where would the next a.d. be to help this patient ?
and when i look at video online , i see comments like , " ey , why is it looking like this ? "
it was still fish .
i didn 't know very much about government when i started this program .
of course , the odds of randomly unstearable actions are very small that by accident , they 're going to be kind of kidding , so probably none of the rest of the furniture is actually , this is what you 're doing .
and then this community of people who shared this big inkling and started talking about it and playing around with it .
i 'm a palestinian , muslim , female , disabled , and i live in new jersey .
okay . everyone who 's willing to assume you 're supposed to do it .
and tricks are working because they 're building some simple ideas about how our brain works .
whetheri-wan kai kobobobobi and glinda .
and we 're going to install an evolutionary process in the machine that 's going on in the microseconds area .
and so -- here 's , " this box is -- " i 'm going to write my name .
and i went back to the same area where i had the destruction of the country and self-doubt , and i felt liberated and walked back to work and back and forth and and over again .
innovation , creativity , development , not just from our heads .
all adults were aware of the risks .
think about this , if you think about a group of students today , you know , that we can influence the lives of billions of people .
" 30 is the new 20 , " and alex and i said , " and i could do that , it was right .
these are the remains of what people thought about as being subjected to the challenge and rhetoric in spatial terms .
i tried to understand them .
and there 's a chance to do something .
she had not been able to treat a treatable brain damage .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until your alpine trees came to wake you up .
and in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that a or a placehopped in my hospital would have taken off the wrong leg , then you 're going to believe me , i 'm going to have trouble looking in him .
i got involved in the football , and i put it in a studio and i sat down on a slinky chair .
and when i wanted to go back to that book , i noticed that some of my other classrooms had pretty good grades .
if we can create the right kind of identity , we can tell people about things that they don 't think about .
jealousy is what makes us all of us an amateur-roman author , and it 's knowing austomed player .
she wasn 't drowning .
because all these new technologies from today are feeding themselves .
they all loved me .
in 2011 , under the 100 most popular movies , what do you think , how many of them had actually female main character women ?
" all right . "
and so he takes the remaining with the hand , and goes through the rubble to the deceived .
some of my smartest kids don 't cut very well .
and one of them actually suggested that my disability would take on the crew . turn-motorin , comic , cerebral palsy .
so let 's look at the numbers .
books , to me , are like a magic tor , and through that , i have a connection to the human and the past and the present .
she said , " your mommy is my baby , and you have to promise you 're going to always care . "
i want to close your eyes .
but let 's do what characters do if they 're not safe if they 're in the owner of a mystery .
because obviously , an animal that was very common , very suddenly , very rarely noticed before it 's going to be creepy .
let me summarize .
mohamed doesn 't just sell flowers .
what we can measure in education is the best way that i.q. , but what if we get forward in school and life is dependent on much more than the skill and easily learning ?
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me tremendous faith in our future is the fact that we have more power than individuals to face to confront the grand challenges of our planet .
i don 't think that 's the fault of general entertainment culture .
so for instance , in california , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty over the next five years . a billion dollars .
thank you for being at ted . thank you very much .
and i went back to work .
and then there 's a position in the actual space , and you can choose the light that you 're going to pick up a book from a shelf .
i went there because i grew up in europe , and i wanted to work later in africa .
my current practice is designed objects with such high complexity , that it 's impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i did not do all the homework that i did , i did not get so smart kids , got in all my courses , got a series of classes .
the third technology : categorization .
and it 's going to be a figure in the book .
this may not look like a lot , but if you look at the most popular stein that was used by jawede in the middle rich , you find exactly those rocks .
and although their 20s were tough , their years before they were even worse .
either it becomes a classic s-veave , like this , until something completely new comes from this , or it 's going to happen here .
how about the oppressor , wherever you are , you 're a voice to make a sense of what you might want to be , and to make change , for the very first time ?
i want to tell you about some of the puzzle pieces .
when i got back there 2 ⁇  years later , the fish was actually shrunk to half of its size .
and that led me to use satellite imagery .
something very strange is what happens here .
so far , this was a problem for supercomputers .
 ⁇  " sanma 's overall  ⁇  " lessons from the history of the nanoughjin  ⁇  1995 , and what books i read first ?
but in the current political climate , there 's no hope that the energy policy of the united states or the international agreements are going to take and reintroduce those opinions .
now it 's in the red list of endangered species .
and then there were only six arabs in my town and all my family were .
and then they all waited right into your front door .
we want to reduce the number of prisoners .
i thought , " yeah , oma . i promise . "
we always create new tensions and conflict .
and then all of this stuff started in just a few minutes .
so today i want to suggest a couple of ways that we can think about urbanization to improve the stigma and bring it into this conversation , how to create a city that is sustainable and human .
right .
for example , the fish was recorded on an angular line .
i said , " i 'm a lawyer . " he said , " you 're a lawyer ? " i said , " yeah . "
we 've just crossed the  ⁇  billion woodpe .
and we couldn 't understand how anyone could do that , and how much that would be restricted to free speech .
so i wanted to create something else , something that starts out when the trigger is crushed .
so you don 't lose a common sights .
all over our public life , in our institutions , in our institutions , is coming up with this issue . this control system is supposed to trustworthiness and credibility , but it 's going to lead to the contrary .
now i say , " well , computers , take those 10 percent of the sequences that came next to my regulation .
you can 't put it all the way around .
it 's a tragedy after the other .
and he actually collected fish .
so we have the situation that people don 't know the past , even though we live in educated societies because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
i love this : " watson defends human opponents . "
oh my god  ⁇ 
he was only three days away .
and we increase our expectations all the time .
are they smarter than us ?
good friends are primates to get to the airport , but 20s , who are harsh with people who think like you , can know who you know , know what you 're learning , how you talk and where you 're working .
she 's the most brilliant and weirdest woman in the american literature .
you can put a switch in between , and that 's how you make a little bit of a little clip .
raise your hand if you 're in your 20s .
even who kills someone , not just a murderer .
but the very worst thing about it was , at the end of the day , it was just to fly to the moon .
it took 40 years to get this trend along -- interesting , a different film where a guy from metal and a lot of fur married by talking to a girl like the wines .
even to their risk-baking habitats , they 're going to take risk-taking small assets . tiny investments with a stung sanitation that takes over 10 years .
sometimes i lose the balance . i end up with a story .
now , toosh.0 , there were a lot of blogs starting to write about it .
this business , it was almost like a production line .
but i never read a study that could explain to me your mindfulness , your longevity or your macbchrist ,
hopefully in the next year , because we 've done the design until the fifth floor .
most of the mass arrests in this country didn 't really occur in the greatness of violence .
so it 's more likely to start an idea than really , really , really , really , really , really , a moment .
and i said , you know , i should look for something that she 'd keep going on .
a few years ago , i wanted to tell you about this competition as a science journalist , and expect to find the year-old on the back of the bedsckckckling .
the transistor was a little plasticity that would help us out of a world of static , stacked building blocks into a world where everything was interactive .
we 've heard this here in the last two days at ted .
now , it was friday , that 's true .
six of them showed up that disabled park .
so here 's a quick video about what we do .
so here , i think , the art and the movie might fill the gap and simulations .
so i left the classroom , and i went to graduate school at the psychologist .
and then it got international .
i think there 's opportunities everywhere .
and every time it shared , the chemicals have spread in the unparalleled in the piles .
the smells of the lawn chairs came out of the rest of the world .
this is a story that shows how it can go .
today , a lot of people gave up on government .
they 're all tired of sand , and they 're not really easy to see .
thank you very much .
and so i started to look in the world of technology to see how i could use it to make the magic instead of killing .
in a city where it shouldn 't happen , because you 're pretty mild weather , which is between 20 to 25 degrees .
in fact , the droplets that were going to be the one that was going to have an optimal composition faster than others and integrating more and more chemicals and sharing , and sharing rapidly .
one of three male black folks from 18 and 30 is in prison , in prison , leaving to be able to do or with conditioned punishment .
this is a highly-grading gna .
they had been tortured genetically .
and i realized , in the short time here , one of the things i did was , ted has an identity .
that 's crazy .
literature alone can pay you , they can invite you .
i find this stigma especially ironic , because i firmly believe that the people of the city are the most important workforce in the streets of town . that 's got three reasons .
" so she 's back , " she said , " in this particular clay .
